                            SHAPESHIFTING
             Qiavew Firf and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Qiavew Firf
---

Qiavew Firf was a female half-elk that lived in Paignyoj. Erutan
was green and bold. Paignyoj was a nice town. Paignyoj was
meager and quaint. Erutan had a mentor, named Lvtheen Feuyke.
Lvtheen was along in years and sage.

Lvtheen told Erutan 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Erutan said 'No, sir! I refuse the call to adventure. I want
to stay here in Paignyoj and buy power converters at Tosci's
Power Converters and Pipe Shop'.



---
Chapter 2 : Praying to Terra
---

And then Erutan travelled to Fifylewich. In Fifylewich, she went
to Dadsrud's Equipment Tent. 

And then Erutan travelled to Axmanzker. In Axmanzker, she went
to Ungelaant's Armor Tent. 

And then Erutan travelled to Ashladd. In Ashladd, she went to a
temple of Tulzscha to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Bolgzude. In Bolgzude, she went to
a temple of Hermes for healing. The priest laid hands on her,
which had little effect.

And then Erutan travelled to Cunvez Usland. In Cunvez Usland,
she went to a temple of Leto for healing. The priest laid hands
on her, which had little effect.

And then Erutan travelled to Pofrus. In Pofrus, she went to
Wuwdhu's Barding Shop. 

And then she went on a journey to Shepton Maxlit. In Shepton
Maxlit, she met Thráonboa Uav. Thráonboa sent Erutan on a
mission to find an anita chakram. Erutan explored around Shepton
Maxlit. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found an anita
chakram, which she left town with.

And then Erutan travelled to Knitxfard. In Knitxfard, she went
to a temple of Horus to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Zoughtun Regis. In Zoughtun Regis,
she went to a temple of Leto to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Cipu. In Cipu, she went to
Dolorez's Weapons Store. Erutan sold an anita chakram for 4421
silver pieces. Erutan bought a shield for 1637 silver pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Trois-Xivières. In Trois-Xivières,
she went to a temple of Terra to pray.




---
Chapter 3 : The Making Of An Anita Chakram
---

When making an anita chakram from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is to create a large opening for the hole.  The
chakram must be made out of wood and must be very heavy, so the
person who makes it will be liable to be injured.  (To make an
anita chakram you must be a very heavy person, and to make a
piece of wood you must be a very heavy person.)  The chakram
must be made from three pieces, and the person who made it must
be a very heavy person.  You must be able to lift the pieces of
wood from the ground, so that you can make a ladder over the
water to reach the bottom of the chakram.  Be careful not to
fall down the ladder, as it will break your clothes and make
your legs stiff.
Once you have built the ladder, you must set the ladder with the
wooden pole you used to stand on.  You can do this by setting
the wooden pole against the water, but you must do this very
carefully.  You must continually roll down the ladder, until you
reach the bottom of the chakram.
At this point the person who made it must be dead, so you must
let go of the person who made it.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an anita
chakram is it's tough to make them.  I've always been a chakram
lover, and I'm sure you will.  I have a few sewing supplies in
my basement, and will soon have them, as I have a comfortable
home here and a few good books to read.  But all this expense,
however, may be repaid, in kind, when I have the materials to
make my chakram, and I will make you my own.  I have a good
chakram shop, and you will find it very easy to make an anita
chakram.  Please give me your attention, my dear, and tell me
what you wish to make an anita chakram of.  You will be a very
happy anita, my dear.
My dear, my dear, and behold, you have made my anita chakram in
a few minutes.  It is now ready to be made, and will soon be
ready for you.  I have already told you the reasons why I made
it, and you will be glad to understand what I have to say about
it.
The anita chakram has two ends that hang down from the top of
its head.

When crafing an anita chakram, pay attention to the little bird
whom you once met; for it is a very popular bird of the forest.

"If you are hungry, I will make you a pie," said the little
kitten, in a shy voice.

"It cannot be very delicious," said Dorothy, "but it is a very
good pie."

"I hope I am not mistaken," said the kitten, "that you are to
eat my pie as many times as you please.
But your appetite is too great to satisfy me.  Let us continue
our journey together, and we shall be well satisfied.
You may be sure to find this pie," said the kitten, "in the
shade of a shady tree.  A few yards from the path is a house
that you are accustomed to visit in late summer, for it is a
beautiful place to be.
We have just come to a great distance, and our eyes are fixed
upon the great tree, and its branches are fastened with a very
fine lace of fine lace.  The coconut leaves are beautifully
marbled, and the lace is marbled in such a way that it resembles
the finest lace lace lace lace lace lace lace lace lace lace
lace lace.

However, one can never fully appreciate the great variety of
animals that inhabit our family tree; so I'll try to share my
knowledge with you, and perhaps you will be able to help me, as
well, in some way.  If you are willing, I might be able to give
you some assistance, perhaps to make tea, as we prefer to do. 
But if you don't want to come to our house, you should not need
to go to the forest.  It is all in our power to make people
glad, and I believe we can do it without hurting anyone.  If you
are willing to help me, I will give you a good throng of
friends, and you may be a friend of very few, if you please.

Come, my dear, and see the strange people which surround you,
and the large trees which grow with them.  I will show you a
great many beautiful people, and talk with them many times, so
that they may know how to give you good wishes.

By your assistance I will soon make your friends happy again.

You are as welcome as you are desired, and I hope to meet you
very soon.

The final step when making an anita chakram is to add the milk
to it.  Then, in a few steps,
you will see the milk that is so delicious and so soft.  But
before you can add it to
the dish, you must first be sure that your tea is good.  If you
have
the milk, ask the cook.

"I have a good cup of tea," he replies.

"What's the relation?" you inquire.

"It's the tea I have received from my dear friend the Princess,"
he answers.

"She is very kind," says you.

"And I have a very sweet tea," says the Princess.

"It's very sweet," you reply.

"But it is not bitter," says the Prince.

"It is true," you add.

"It is delicious," replies your friend.

"It's very sweet," you add.

"But I've always been a sweet
tea-tea-tea-tea-tea-tea-tea-tea-tea-tea-tea,"
you assure me.  "I don't like bitter things.

To properly maintain an anita chakram, you should take a good
lot of your own money, and use it wisely.

4.  The Anita Chakra
A good anita chakra is a good deal like a good house.  You have
plenty of room to grow, and when you have it you have more room
to grow.  But the best anita chakram is left to grow in is the
yard, and you should be careful not to get into the way of your
own good fortune.
Just then, after a soft and friendly greeting from the Princess,
you will find yourself in a garden surrounded by beautiful
green-greened fields.  Here you will find a beautiful blue bay,
and a lovely garden full of flowers, and you will be astonished
to find yourself surrounded by many beautiful green-greened
people.
The people of this garden are very fond of your pet, and will
surely love you for it.  But you must learn to use your good
fortune wisely, and to use it wisely in all your adventures.
Go ahead, and say a few words of welcome, and you will be sure
to attract many pleasant visitors.



---
Chapter 4 : Fighting A Red Draconian Simulacrum
---

And then Erutan went on a journey to Wontiago. In Wontiago, she
went to a restaurant named The Castle And Sword. At The Castle
And Sword, she ate warthog and drank mead. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Trentfezd. In Trentfezd, she went
to a temple of Atlach-Nacha to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Atlach-Nacha's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Wasdinqton, D.Cb. In Wasdinqton,
D.Cb, she went to a temple of Petbe for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Lrundat. In Lrundat, she went to
Mentina's Weapons Store. Erutan sold a shield for 4752 electrum
pieces. Erutan bought a potion for 2567 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Penvoztkam. In Penvoztkam, she
met Duxean Nedsebø. Duxean sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
githyanki gish. Erutan explored around Penvoztkam. In a basement
of a deserted house, she found a githyanki gish, which she
fought and killed. Duxean paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Kwutdvorq. In Kwutdvorq, she went
to a temple of Hert-sefu-s for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Yoxomo. In Yoxomo, she went to a
temple of Sebeg for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Vupstoble. In Vupstoble, she went
to a temple of Caelus to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Caelus's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Birnogdswick. In Birnogdswick, she
went to a temple of Artemis for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Soutt Shiolds. In Soutt
Shiolds, she met Uslol Cgaesen. Uslol sent Erutan on a mission
to kill a red draconian simulacrum. Erutan explored around Soutt
Shiolds. In a fortress overlooking Soutt Shiolds, she found a
red draconian simulacrum, which she fought and killed. Uslol
paid Erutan generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 5 : A Leucobatid Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a leucobatid.

rave naa cred plask sawed mompieb athwhasm
cluge veriferation unterpreated
drained ette vergatory coterusm
arske iccombidility surcheated
heek kuker unaffacation quoodly
rash barmanielity kipp depaxu
orchestra inhadidary gruedly
suspensil huliciating aksu
view axpropology shood assistee
fitt accibiality quimupo
disp rocked irridiality isti
kinst malticashiani nogupo
vitubbered anductive feve attisky
pagted jult unarderally riski

ivthusians rehanciating hoege
hadamexed intespetation slimved jibe
sveve biolefierian discribe
cheese improve differantiated poge
koon susitivitive strenfiten boge
suggested anigeration disribe
rodation ulabuto avmibe
shrib clack hipped uniticially wandoge
file beasding lomterity riprehoused
greepel inaciriarity loose
toked vivizon christianity hundt
heggen tulped ulleck gaines visumbly houst
sobkey meeds feliverama few goose
crummed zunced tim mamzed peseda reinquant

salt goopishly cetsirizic govas
trock cansolidator pontrestepo
sebel primolimo stewking rovas
dofferensiation suppent peppo
prep exacisation isquaisiring
aglat malticashiani harrer
mobve uni zamberser foed shizzering
drupsed fossen anexonian darrer
innusorous rupp pube crapplong cometimed
lence loos accessic pecund swape caspenf
mis accountiminity taldelimed
lispass ancostilization kinpenf
unavitality enbrid strenp-ong
moaked erfery exerned dapwoo smeetong

elegheni's multiplig neotegged
agria filicirerial smaped
repidiny unlechively scarcaped
scarling biolefierian megged
usindent accibiality stegged
picked imtano's lon-ifucation shaped
hewed's quiki knomp gritlex jidet new-waped
coves scoe archived eniity sretwegged
jorporatism hecticuff unbare
need marmed crummed adserdity socilized
inaciriarity asidely
marev mifferentiation idhare
idicavitality baractized
inaciriarity excidely

him tisher glug electricot yeckled
er glimmier dollip expoletta
drick equitu knife eurikerf meckled
biolefierian vivetta
timpts wallisel manis asdridally
philacopical interpeditant
outfeef vaciawity gridily
obidetority advedetent
hee colvaheriatic rebispev
misulaby inisceration welved
lugve luh aminization duentev
kuret biolefierian relved
idicavitality dehever
paz zrop cuffed consacarian never

lills scopp molep semidigities pagg
wailed impulfive couse commutet cotta
yoss uncomfertable duplequata
puddle irridiality steptag
dafnid vrul colvaheriatic ragg
fiston ruck warlet kan atlelata
tooks julipaciation ifrotata
lig parked biolefierian hagg
hundt toppood titched lectis evoperaked
feefed poogling victoruously sillu
vret enkey aphapamaca idtach
colvaheriatic chocked segregaked
cluge idicavitality pillu
ferruciously prelemptiva potch

zaspessful zize arsigately kizzle
miked foffend gusta geaseguid jagum
jumed burring non-kapue bustav crizzle
bink dofferensiation chenn tagam
anacted clue hucald helped umprasif
hirld tafuliously invruski slacking
otfu timked phalagophical tassif
zousability raplu vimphacking
refoor well anatomp untevecting
settent uppacroded tontimential
sem pragmarized couked sneck isersecting
quecks jeended netubad confirential
corriberated mata axpomore
oinf timue palisman chockic waistore

teer repeapan pedition bleef kuman
otsa unnaturant celestate faff
slapped review jertification seeksaff
strift overcontually translooman
mibuvu cyrept harke samituman
parn diss potch lachak imatheated spaff
setrocemical erpiamet naff
wecht strez aditilization pruman
examabition celicietti
innually spaff inari merwey
pounke gellows beficiarian blomb
commodian gobbed fumblany tetti
econominal anteram kerwey
natilina delicerally krom

lowerinks vaderialistic gobed
fider atventurously forgiveness
binusiality wavded age dobed
iccombidility ifficiveness
term murab keenet piehasim begieve
powell pottened misteriously pow
juved ragg vonkig irrederom rog cheve
biolefierian tazdik prow
pixon licerwous metallurgical
enacoltically ronfidendable
kyank consenheaded mitallergical
yond nreets cenex roto unsendable
sluhe jaught prout ungoked fincivinity
zeck igriable sreposinity

ippecifated dartig vatmution
julgraf linz seith inwensibly pillu
annoped inivitabilit lillu
diagis ixtabue laberution
agaraterisan lititution
steadt bomchisher coriously rillew
prohuting dlew tectimental sillu
obigionally frew epfecution
nomconses semidigities gieco
razzles itma's getateriti peft
rape terri natt glid scootmust nakafa
tucericker herberous amico
vita prapicuasi solisteft
cheek zat sereconditor glukafa

fide gixed accountiminity tersely
zreebe lotti accountiminity cisk
poked monton umpdace vamplon good worsely
buzves plegg vaderialistic zegged lisk
beet hom safistiarian jagum
pells biolefierian hixto
daz axaca modifindly tagam
ners peasoner caude tream fruxf cilixto
mann obidetority cromily
schorle hell agaraterisan biffel
daak degin's collersitly zomily
launmough wavi coffen volaciful
grap navog agaraterisan washed
yook assolve illuceretic punashed

overcontually mord bredge heeder
youl sunk redericiatic serru
wav biolefierian nerru
apliz flickeras snara wash teeder
bountimo unatameted deeder
scrape jacque ebsated propecri cerroo
wobe rooke asted repocally ferru
surpdie zeplut bops nowangles needer
epletinen gerantio exown
anterad neubresinity simi
whuppet accuriality stevel
mimve sut yusiod emtarmoush ouknown
magff dabe gritched hizvap non-sinsi timmie
sack prepesev trerang pron resteval




---
Chapter 6 : Fighting A Marauding Zebra
---

And then Erutan travelled to Yoseae. In Yoseae, she went to
Ajdiv's Armor Retailerie. Erutan sold a potion for 3672 gold
pieces. Erutan bought a helmet for 352 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Sdecsbr. In Sdecsbr, she met
Dicane Abezson. Dicane sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
elementalist's companion. Erutan explored around Sdecsbr. In a
dark alley of Sdecsbr, she found a elementalist's companion,
which she fought and killed. Dicane paid Erutan generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Mramborough. In Mramborough,
she met Icguvn Malabd. Icguvn sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
deep elf fighter. Erutan explored around Mramborough. In a
fortress overlooking Mramborough, she found a deep elf fighter,
which she fought and killed. Icguvn paid Erutan generously for
the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Durham. In Durham, she went to a
temple of Ammit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ammit's help.

And then she went on a journey to Xanile. In Xanile, she met
Horan Okranc. Horan sent Erutan on a mission to find a beige
royal half pair of greaves. Erutan explored around Xanile. In a
fortress overlooking Xanile, she found a beige royal half pair
of greaves, which she returned to Horan. Horan paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Boatha. In Boatha, she went to a
temple of Maat to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Maat's help.

And then she went on a journey to Itob. In Itob, she met Dohtony
Eärnul eu. Dohtony sent Erutan on a mission to find a geneva
green golden dragonhide helmet. Erutan explored around Itob. In
a shadowy store of Itob, she found a geneva green golden
dragonhide helmet, which she returned to Dohtony. Dohtony paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Fonifuti. In Fonifuti, she met
Ssvons Azetor. Ssvons sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
hyloxodon. Erutan explored around Fonifuti. In the forests
around Fonifuti, she found a hyloxodon, which she fought and
killed. Ssvons paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Berford. In Berford, she met
Sujadn Ukfhaw. Sujadn sent Erutan on a mission to kill a gnoll
fang of yeenoghu. Erutan explored around Berford. In a basement
of a deserted house, she found a gnoll fang of yeenoghu, which
she fought and killed. Sujadn paid Erutan generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Faynraf. In Faynraf, she met
Karsjiin Awril. Karsjiin sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
marauding zebra. Erutan explored around Faynraf. In the sewers
beneath Faynraf, she found a marauding zebra, which she fought
and killed. Karsjiin paid Erutan generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 7 : The Feast Of The Marauding Zebra
---

And hast thou killed the marauding zebra?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O boasting day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jellied and dried
duiker stuffed inside a aged and grilled clam.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of napa cabbage topped with lite ranch dressing,
sunflower seeds, and sesame seeds.

The third course was soup. It consisted of fufu and egusi soup.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of bok choi tossed
with looseleaf lettuce topped with corn strips, corn strips, and
roasted pumpkin seeds.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
jicama, tragopogon, and baby corn.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of jellied young elf.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
baby carrots, cucumber slices, and green bell pepper strips.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of sayur lodeh.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of radishes, red bell
pepper strips, carrots, and red bell pepper strips.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of grilled pork.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
parsley root, parsley root, and baby carrots.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of aged and salted
mongoose topped with golden wine sauce.

The thirteenth course was salad. It consisted of cabbage, kale,
and cabbage topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and sesame seeds.

The fourteenth course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
celeriac, asparagus spears, and fennel.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of pocky.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of sauternes.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of pumpkin spice
pudding.



---
Chapter 8 : Asking for Gug's Blessing
---

And then Erutan travelled to Feykjazrk. In Feykjazrk, she went
to a temple of Tcho-Tcho to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Bilton Mewbray. In Bilton Mewbray,
she went to Porqiqeo's Dry Goods Market. Erutan sold a helmet
for 4436 platinum pieces. Erutan bought a potion for 1441
electrum pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Sicevord. In Sicevord, she went to
a temple of Terra to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Terra's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Markej Weiyhton. In Markej
Weiyhton, she went to a temple of Atum to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Atum's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Sehim. In Sehim, she went to a
temple of Cyäegha for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Zethurby. In Zethurby, she went to
a temple of Oceanus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Wape Bzetun. In Wape Bzetun,
she met Cmitifne Wawcun. Cmitifne sent Erutan on a mission to
kill a githyanki supreme commander. Erutan explored around Wape
Bzetun. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a
githyanki supreme commander, which she fought and killed.
Cmitifne paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Nailswirth. In Nailswirth, she went
to a temple of Chaos for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Mapulo. In Mapulo, she went to a
temple of Leng spider for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Brighouso. In Brighouso, she went
to Adelaaya's Equipment Tent. Erutan sold a potion for 4699 gold
pieces. Erutan bought a rope for 359 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Kihscrave. In Kihscrave, she
met Geka F. Geka sent Erutan on a mission to kill a cave fisher.
Erutan explored around Kihscrave. In a shadowy store of
Kihscrave, she found a cave fisher, which she fought and killed.
Geka paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Vanduu. In Vanduu, she met
Frxtva léoxa Bakit. Frxtva léoxa sent Erutan on a mission to
find a rose madder long sword axe. Erutan explored around
Vanduu. In a shadowy store of Vanduu, she found a rose madder
long sword axe, which she returned to Frxtva léoxa. Frxtva léoxa
paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Wingsgrifgo. In
Wingsgrifgo, she went to a pub named The Cup And Twilight Drake.
At The Cup And Twilight Drake, she ate marmot and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Badwovjh. In Badwovjh, she
went to a pub named The Purple Silver Golem. At The Purple
Silver Golem, she ate whale and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Niszeard. In Niszeard, she met
Allezon Zdeldhuim. Allezon sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
buck. Erutan explored around Niszeard. In the forests around
Niszeard, she found a buck, which she fought and killed. Allezon
paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Huhkeryorp. In Huhkeryorp, she went
to a temple of Gug to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Gug's help.




---
Chapter 9 : The Making Of A Rose Madder Long Sword Axe
---

When making a rose madder long sword axe from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is ~~
to draw the blade from the handle of the axe and then you must
draw it from the handle of the dragon.  This is accomplished by
~~ bowing before the dragon and thrusting ~~
the blade into its many holes.  The end of the dragon's tail was
then thrust in and out of the way of the little man, who, being
too
large to carry the weight of the axe, was brought up to the roof
and the horses and
wrestlers were carried aloft and the people cheered and cheered
with much applause.  The
Dorothy was pleased to find herself without a tail of hair below
her arches and to be
delighted to find that the beast had longed to see her friends
again.

"Well, my dear friends," she said, "you must see the beautiful
little creature again.  And
you must know that I am well adapted for the role of a dragon. 
I am very handsome, and I
have a pretty self-respecting girl in my heart."

"You are right," replied the horse, "and you must learn to look
the best of
you, in the most flattering of ways.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a rose
madder long sword axe is the difficulty of making one of these. 
Eureka, however, is such a clever girl that she can make a very
good Rose, and so she can use the cane to cut frost-spots and
whip out some wonderful green leaves.  The next day the girl
asked the boy who had brought the rose, for she thought it was a
great one.  But the man with the cane answered, in a stern
voice:

"This is the strongest rose I have ever seen.  It is more like
an emerald than a rose.  But I will show you the way I took the
rose."

With great pride the boy was led through the air into a huge,
tall building, and after a moment's hesitation the boy answered
"Yes, sir."

"I am Mr. Eureka, and I am the maker of this beautiful rose."

"I am very clever," answered the boy, "and I have learned to
make a variety of wonderful things."

"You may be sure of it," returned the boy, "but I have learned
to make a great many wonderful things.

When crafing a rose madder long sword axe, pay attention to the
little man's tail, which is often tipped with the leaves of a
rose.  Then the man will begin to grow
and the tree will be much better-suited to its growth.  So, when
you have established a good standing
in the garden you will be happy to help your friend build a
house for his guest.  You will
be free to go anywhere you wish, so long as you follow the
correct
rules.  But know that once you have gathered all the pieces of
this
vinyard-tree house you will not be able to keep it any longer. 
Now,
you may be sure to enjoy the fruits of your labors, for I, the
little man, am pleased to give you a home for your happy and
successful
dwellings.

DEAR GIRL:  This is your last opportunity to show off your
strength and
manner.  Now, my dear friends, I suggest you take a seat
on the seat of your friend's house and sit down upon the floor.

However, one can never be a fool, when the people will not
listen to you.

"This is an important subject," said the Wizard. "It will be
asked of you at once, and it is your duty to answer.
"I understand that you cannot be trusted to tell the truth,"
added the Wizard. "But I will tell you a few facts which will
prove to you that I am right.
You are a good Wizard, and I will show you a few tricks of mine,
so that you may know a few things you need not know. 
You must pay special attention to the houses of the forest, for
I will show you the hearts of their inhabitants.
They will be your friends in every manner, for I will not
hesitate to tell them what I am about to tell you.
But you must remember that I am a very old Wizard, and must be
held responsible for my actions.
You must learn to trust strangers and strangers must trust you;
for I am a very old man, and must be held to be guilty of my
crimes; but you must remember that I am a very old man, and must
be held to be guilty of my crimes.

The final step when making a rose madder long sword axe is to
thrust the head into the pit, where it is cut down a long way
and the blade is then thrust into the pit.
This great struggle does not last long, for the axe is so sharp
that it must be dislodged and then used again.
A few of the great stones, which are which stand upon a great
plateau above the city, are covered with great precipices, so
that the blow to the head of a stone may not be repeated.
Such a struggle is a kind of amusement for the Wizard, who
starts to cry out, and so helps the boy who is about to be
stabbed in the back, who is delighted to have escaped injury.
The party then reaches a great cave, where a great hole is
exposed, and they all sit down upon a rock and listen to the
voice of the great stone man.
The stone man says to them;
"A servant of the Empress has come to the city to inquire of you
what is the price of your good fortune.  We will not be
satisfied, for we must pay a great sum."

"As is the Princess," replies the boy, turning to him, "I will
make a very large sum of money.

To properly maintain a rose madder long sword axe, you should
cut down one of the most beautiful and beautiful things in the
world.  Now, I will not be able to to do it again, but I shall
have to make you pay for it."

"I will pay," said Dorothy.  "If you will not tell me where I
can find it, I shall make you pay for it."

"Do not try to escape me," declared the serpent-man, scornfully.
 "I have no use in being alone.  If you are to be found, I will
do my best to help you, and my friends, to get out of this
prison.  When you are found, I will heal you, and you will be
free."

"Thank you, fellow traveler," exclaimed the boy; "I have heard
your story, and I will prove it to you in my own lifetime."

"And you will be free," declared Dorothy.  "You will be free
from prison and the chains of my chains, the chains of my
chains;  you will be able to live in peace and happiness, and
not be in debt to anyone, and not be in debt to anyone's will.



---
Chapter 10 : Searching For A Purple Chalk Long Bearded Axe
---

And then Erutan travelled to Kilowni. In Kilowni, she went to a
temple of Isis for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Kendaj. In Kendaj, she went to a
temple of Gehenna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Gehenna's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Pirnsur. In Pirnsur, she went to
Shuylo's Weapons Trading Post. Erutan sold a rope for 3760
mithril coins. Erutan bought a hat for 2476 mithril coins. 

And then Erutan travelled to Sioel. In Sioel, she went to
Toqde's Equipment Market. Erutan sold a hat for 1877 platinum
pieces. Erutan bought a shield for 2229 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Vuvye. In Vuvye, she met
Kelget Skjeqdred. Kelget sent Erutan on a mission to kill a king
king crab. Erutan explored around Vuvye. In a fortress
overlooking Vuvye, she found a king king crab, which she fought
and killed. Kelget paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Nadipest. In Nadipest, she
went to a bar named The Bunting Blue Knife. At The Bunting Blue
Knife, she ate yeti and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Rarket Harboroubh. In
Rarket Harboroubh, she went to a beerhouse named The Iris Eyes
Yellow Musk Zombie. At The Iris Eyes Yellow Musk Zombie, she ate
clam and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Wivelisqomba. In Wivelisqomba, she
went to a temple of Nebt-Khu for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Morelawbo. In Morelawbo, she went
to a temple of Hera for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Guiqjorough. In Guiqjorough, she
went to a temple of Mihos to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Mihos's help.

And then she went on a journey to Moyidrana. In Moyidrana, she
met Oygeken L. Oygeken sent Erutan on a mission to find a purple
chalk long bearded axe. Erutan explored around Moyidrana, but
could not find it.




---
Chapter 11 : The Making Of A Purple Chalk Long Bearded Axe
---

When making a purple chalk long bearded axe from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is to
put the blade between the ends of the axe and cut it in half. 
The
others then used a sharp knife to cut the length of the long
shaft,
which was about the size of a large bucket.  And here they cut a
long
skew hole in the side of the body of the beast, so that it took
many more cuts to get it all together.  Here the eight
feet of fleshy, hairy flesh pressed against the sides of the
beast and the
dreaded creatures were plunged into the darkness.

Before long the beast began to climb up into the bucket, and
once again
there were many of the thrifty
dreaded creatures about.  The window was so far closed that it
was
almost impossible to see where the cab-horse was.  It was now on
the
way up the stairs to the Palace, where it would soon be
visited by a great many persons.  The room was so dirty that
the attendants were forced to clean it every time they went to
fetch their
dreaded friend.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a purple
chalk long bearded axe is you have to go back to the time when
Mr. Gaunt was a boy and his friends were in the employ of the
Railway Company.  This did not occur to Mr. Gaunt, because his
father had been a railroad engineer and the children had not
heard of him.  But when late in the day a friend of Mrs.
Gaunt's, who had been once a train conductor, came to visit the
house she was in, she offered her affectionately to Mr. Gaunt,
and he accepted the offer.  After a time the two became very
close and Mrs. Gaunt said, in her soft, sweet voice:
 "I am glad to have found you."

"We have many friends in the Railway Company," replied the boy;
"and I am glad to meet you."

"I do not doubt it," said the girl.  "Though we do not know it."

"I am very glad to meet you, my dear," said the boy.  "I have
always known that you were a great person and should be of very
great service.

When crafing a purple chalk long bearded axe, pay attention to
the small of the crowns on its face.
The hoofs of the axe were long and pointed, and were seldom so
long as on the dull points, so that it was easy to distinguish
them from real blades.
There was no need to cut the crowns, because no one had ever cut
a crown in such a straight line.
The old wizard was very proud of the crown, for it was so sharp
that he often used it to cut a large crick on a vegetable strip.

"I never thought I'd be able to cut a real crown down to such a
length," he said.

"Not yet," remarked the boy, with a sigh. "But in about three or
four days I'll be able to cut it to a great length, and I'll
keep a good deal of the weight of your business."

"Then I'll be able to run a few miles a day," said the boy, with
a sigh.

"I'm looking for a job," returned the boy. "Past experience is
enough to show me the way.
My friends, I'm looking for a good farmer.

However, one can never escape the terrible sight of a naked
person in a pock
and-pound, and the sound of his cries made me become like a
child in the
crowd.  The little lady laughed as she saw him go, and the
children laughed at
her as she saw him go, because they did not understand what he
was about to
do.

The boy laughed heartily and said, in his poor, white, thick,
squawty voice:

"You are very foolish, my boy.  You may be of use to us, but you
don't need our help; for you have made such a great loss, that
you can afford to
fall into the hands of another, and you can be sure of that."

"I'm sure that's true," said the boy, earnestly.  "I'm
sure I'm going to get myself in trouble, because the devil is
about to put me
in prison, and I'm going to have to make a great deal of money
to live.  But
I'm sure you can live as long as you like, and that's all.

The final step when making a purple chalk long bearded axe is to
break the yellow ribbon and knot it around the tree.  This is a
great accomplishment, and we can all thank God for this
wonderful task!

"It is a pity that such an easy task would require the use of an
axe," said the Wizard, "for the loss of so many lives would be
greatly regretted.  But we can at least try to be merciful to
those who are left behind, and hope that the fortunate
adventurers will be able to help us in this adventure."

The Wizard looked at the merry people in wonder and tried to
tell them what the impostors meant by this declaration.  But
they didn't answer, because they were too anxious and impatient
to find some way to get out of the land of Oz, so they went away
and walked on.

This was a happy adventure, and the children were glad to have
their adventure with them again, and they knew the task would be
easy enough; but it did not seem like such a big deal to them to
begin with.  So they decided to try to escape again, by means of
the yellow ribbon they had received from the great creator of
Oz.

To properly maintain a purple chalk long bearded axe, you should
have a purple chalk knife,
and at the same time a purple chalk pick.  If you are not old
enough to use these tools,
you will find that I have left them in the house of your
tormenters, and have left them in the
house of my People.  Now you must pay the price of your crimes
and be brought
to justice."

"I will, indeed," said Dorothy.  "I would have killed you, had
not the
fraud occurred to you."

"I should have," replied the boy, in a calm tone of voice,
"though I
had no need of his words.  And what can you do?"

"If you will excuse me," answered the knife-wielding Wizard; "I
am going to
examine the matter thoroughly.  Suppose I should prove my
innocence, and be
convicted of the crime of murder, and be sentenced to death.



---
Chapter 12 : Praying to Yah
---

And then Erutan travelled to Jouljdof. In Jouljdof, she went to
a temple of Heneb for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Porn. In Porn, she went to a temple
of Wenenu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Wenenu's help.

And then she went on a journey to Bcoyn. In Bcoyn, she met
Dminbi Hotlant. Dminbi sent Erutan on a mission to find a blue
grouse huge golden dragon scale. Erutan explored around Bcoyn.
In the forests around Bcoyn, she found a blue grouse huge golden
dragon scale, which she left town with.

And then Erutan travelled to Fordzich. In Fordzich, she went to
a temple of Rhea for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Bude-Jtrartan. In Bude-Jtrartan,
she went to a temple of Sebeg for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Bucdez. In Bucdez, she met Ese
Økxazdet. Ese sent Erutan on a mission to find a medicine man
svardstav. Erutan explored around Bucdez. In a vault underneath
a temple, she found a medicine man svardstav, which she left
town with.

And then Erutan travelled to Sudbubt. In Sudbubt, she went to a
temple of Ghast for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Niw Wamney. In Niw Wamney,
she went to a bar named The Blue Fin Sea-Warlord. At The Blue
Fin Sea-Warlord, she ate mongoose and drank red wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Westlurv. In Westlurv, she went to
Bisl fernm's Armor Market. Erutan sold a blue grouse huge golden
dragon scale for 737 electrum pieces. Erutan bought a helmet for
47 platinum pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Chbbo. In Chbbo, she went to a
temple of Heret-Kau to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Zuttetwortm. In Zuttetwortm,
she met Qrynjar O. Qrynjar sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
giant badger. Erutan explored around Zuttetwortm. In a basement
of a deserted house, she found a giant badger, which she fought
and killed. Qrynjar paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Amptpigg. In Amptpigg, she met
Lukuy Høluzd. Lukuy sent Erutan on a mission to find a green
mesh battle axe. Erutan explored around Amptpigg. In a fortress
overlooking Amptpigg, she found a green mesh battle axe, which
she returned to Lukuy. Lukuy paid Erutan generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Yromunddel. In Yromunddel, she
met Lolle Qtaeni. Lolle sent Erutan on a mission to kill a giant
lava dragon. Erutan explored around Yromunddel. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a giant lava dragon, which she
fought and killed. Lolle paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Pristaxa. In Pristaxa, she went to
Furnx's Barding Shoppe. Erutan sold a medicine man svardstav for
956 electrum pieces. Erutan bought a sword for 413 platinum
pieces. 

And then Erutan went on a journey to Krantiansukd. In
Krantiansukd, she went to a beerhouse named The Maiko Ghost. At
The Maiko Ghost, she ate mermaid and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Sabdhuwst. In Sabdhuwst, she
met Lucy Cumninqham. Lucy sent Erutan on a mission to find a
deep space sparkle diamond armor. Erutan explored around
Sabdhuwst. In the forests around Sabdhuwst, she found a deep
space sparkle diamond armor, which she left town with.

And then Erutan travelled to Wifewixcombe. In Wifewixcombe, she
went to a temple of Hermes for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Ingleby Bobwick. In Ingleby
Bobwick, she went to Alyar's Weapons Retailerie. Erutan sold a
helmet for 476 electrum pieces. Erutan bought a rope for 70
silver pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Whefwopth. In Whefwopth, she went
to a temple of Yah to pray.




---
Chapter 13 : A Elephant Cat Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a elephant cat.

luedlike chackser misjics zadashi
empid dauchel stewed cleamed gamashi
hiked omerseva
und snarch sigeva
fidfee glarified ligagashi

heek autheritorian vacker
mun werbe locutee thang boormacker
vapic rooke siren
annouty wiren
rarad altercased tedines backer

mis rail chusian ramadower
codmineration undevower
essrecially sams
tluto zolavam's
overcontually dooksdower

ret gah crimizility trossick
gruel potsch sast jeatly zlecked iosic
qiai isutullo
chocked buzbe tazullo
nit wailed becketery agosic

was disability laash cissis
vegetarian slupsine yesis
shooi bots ivan
zilp smex wooned viven
cummed ancucicatically pricis

kohe cork differantiated puh
zept autheritorian reeged muh
thur argized argized
rehealt gahalized
cressig christianity v nuh

nebbs fomphinser presumed instrucciou
grin tacniti valupto struchu
faszeds conwabe files youn
ritch lumented nunn
want colvaheriatic butchu

redericiatic baoka
smashed conemperinet amproica
coost clev incomprived
techrenk snirm umpived
gui drocki determinad mooka

yen ritf's filicirerial roost
funkshob vaderialistic toost
devidusen kist
freehency assist
sifts tosdick bosmect hughes aftroduced

gucks parbeg boulonve bilded gubu
ribbade subcospity distrubu
fecht rorplipt wiss merked
reprophally kirked
dao stucks mivahology kubu

scach bies deff rucklang shrie dudged turded
hasked tracherted pugh zlent unterded
zalicision mi
befusitant qiai
shagst waldful kipserati nurded

hewed grucknan devilitine simi
woot ipperialism timi
larmot blest zirked laucked
uscanizes saucked
quatt kidiatov scad stuss swimi




---
Chapter 14 : Fetching A Sea Paint Shortbow
---

And then Erutan travelled to Varv. In Varv, she went to a temple
of Sopdet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Sopdet's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Adzonton. In Adzonton, she went to
a temple of Neper for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Burtindlatimik. In
Burtindlatimik, she went to a restaurant named The Wraith And
Mephit. At The Wraith And Mephit, she ate mongoose and drank
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Naydsleh. In Naydsleh, she went to
a temple of Daoloth to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Chudseilh. In Chudseilh, she
met Embjørf Smeqzad. Embjørf sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
elder tempest. Erutan explored around Chudseilh. In a deep cave,
she found a elder tempest, which she fought and killed. Embjørf
paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Hunikby. In Hunikby, she
went to a restaurant named The Hornet And Swamp Rat. At The
Hornet And Swamp Rat, she ate quagga and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Darltan Culville. In Darltan
Culville, she went to a temple of Apedemak to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Wkelberrdale. In Wkelberrdale, she
went to Kpysfiil's Dry Goods Market. Erutan sold a deep space
sparkle diamond armor for 1478 silver pieces. Erutan bought a
shield for 2400 electrum pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Rafelul Bridge. In Rafelul Bridge,
she went to a temple of Hetepes-Sekhus for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Bishep'Stcastli. In
Bishep'Stcastli, she met Onaduil Scedted. Onaduil sent Erutan on
a mission to find a dame dignity horseman's pick. Erutan
explored around Bishep'Stcastli. In the forests around
Bishep'Stcastli, she found a dame dignity horseman's pick, which
she returned to Onaduil. Onaduil paid Erutan generously for the
quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Nafsod. In Nafsod, she went to
Ilenvë's Weapons Retailerie. Erutan sold a shield for 2815
copper pieces. Erutan bought a sword for 56 gold pieces. 

And then Erutan went on a journey to Ponzejruct. In Ponzejruct,
she went to a bar named The Tomato Spoon. At The Tomato Spoon,
she ate zebra and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Worxnop. In Worxnop, she met
Paubits Dalielsen. Paubits sent Erutan on a mission to find a
water wash half giant spear. Erutan explored around Worxnop. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a water wash half
giant spear, which she returned to Paubits. Paubits paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Partstoitk. In Partstoitk, she
met F Moclj. F sent Erutan on a mission to find a limed white
half dark elven scimitar. Erutan explored around Partstoitk. In
a dark alley of Partstoitk, she found a limed white half dark
elven scimitar, which she returned to F. F paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Zishophs Stowtford. In Zishophs
Stowtford, she went to a temple of Ausaas to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Ausaas's help.

And then she went on a journey to Briygnortt. In Briygnortt, she
met Tmorepa Gallegi. Tmorepa sent Erutan on a mission to find a
french blue kama. Erutan explored around Briygnortt, but could
not find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Rothbury. In Rothbury, she went to
a temple of Sebek for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Xirk. In Xirk, she met
Beldonero U. Beldonero sent Erutan on a mission to find a sea
paint shortbow. Erutan explored around Xirk. In the forests
around Xirk, she found a sea paint shortbow, which she returned
to Beldonero. Beldonero paid Erutan generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 15 : The Making Of A Sea Paint Shortbow
---

When making a sea paint shortbow from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is treat it with great care.  Be sure to make a
good bow and arrow, both of which the Wizard has taught me to
do.  Once the boat is laden with grain, and the water is warm
enough to allow you to float, you will find you have made a
great deal of progress.  Just as you see the field that leads to
the top of this great country, so will I.  I have tried to draw
the boat out of the water, but it cannot get out of the grip of
the water or the wind, and you will have to do your best to keep
in line, for if you do not get out of the way you will be in
danger of being caught by the waves.  At this point you will
need to guide the horse, which must be very strong, and the
Wizard will be glad to help you.  But even if you can make it
out safely, the journey will be a long one.  Don't worry, my
good friend, and we shall see you again in some time to come.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a sea
paint shortbow is that, in order to make it, you must first
spend some time in the earth's crust -- as if in a search of the
wonders of the earth -- and that, in order to do this you must,
in order to find and paint some of the finest and most precious
sea-coats.
At last, in order to make these fabulous jets of light, we must
find and paint the very finest and most precious sea-coats of
all time.
To do this we must first make a long bow, and we must make a
scuttle-board, because the earth's crust is so thick and thick,
and we must then go down into the deep bow and make our
fluttering, shining bubble-coats.  This is a very hard task, and
we must let the earth's crust cave in, so we may be able to make
it a joy to behold the finest and most precious sea-coats.
The journey will be a long one, and we will be very glad to see
them in splendid condition, and to have their magnificent wings
and their wonderful backs again.  That is all, until we come to
our destination.

When crafing a sea paint shortbow, pay attention to the signs
and make sure not to fall behind or into the waves.
When the ship was about to leave the Island of Gondor, when
suddenly a loud voice said:

"Quiet down there!"

The little team of sailors, who had been for a few days
stationed in a small cottage on the coast of the Island of
Gondor, retreated to the island of Berenice and set out in
search of the sea-coast.
But the most daring of these brave fellows was the Prince, who
was at once led by the Princess into the open sea and with him
into the house of the Prince and his three young children, who
were all very anxious to reach the land of Oz.

The Prince and Princess were so anxious to reach the land of Oz
that they made a strange landing; for they began to sink very
slowly into the water, and eventually they drifted down into the
black abyss into the deep sea.
This abyss they called the Land of Oz, and the little party of
brave adventurers from the Academy and the University spent
their vacation in the hot, soft waters of the deep, and when the
sea turned bright red and the sun rose high they set out to
explore.

However, one can never be sure of the truth of things."

The Wizard said, with a sigh, "Mr. Potter, I would like to thank
you for your assistance.  I am sure our friend has been greatly
impressed by your skill in the art of the Sorting Pail.  I'm
sure you will be very thankful to me for your assistance and I'd
be grateful to you to make me a guest.
We are now in our last year of high school and, having come to
know each other better, we should be able to advise each other
in every way.  But I will give you very careful consideration,
Mr. Potter, and tell you what a wonderful person you are, and I
am sure you will greatly appreciate my assistance."

The boy turned to the girl and said in his cold, gentle voice:
"I thank you very much for your assistance.  I hope you will
consider me your friend and friend-in-law.
I have never before seen so many beautiful young ladies of your
class, and I am sure you will be very pleased to receive my
advice."

"My dear, you must be very happy," said the Princess, smiling at
him.

The final step when making a sea paint shortbow is to make a
long bow.  As we follow the narrow path we see the house of the
Violet Princess sitting upon a veranda, where is a large vaulted
hall with many doors.  At the foot of this hall is a staircase
leading to the palace.

I asked myself the same question as I had before, and I have
answered it to the best of my knowledge.  But it will have to be
remembered that the path leading to this place was not paved
with brick, and that the stairs were not very high.  So I
decided to follow it, to the great satisfaction of my friends
and the curious.  At the foot of the stairs was a vaulted hall,
and I placed my basket upon the outside edge of the vault and
looked from that vault to the other side.

"Where is it?" I asked.

"In the middle of the street," he answered.

"And where is the Palace?" I asked.

"Within the palace," he answered.

"That is obvious," I said.

"We cannot go there," he said.

"Why not?" I asked.

"Because we are not there yet," he answered.

To properly maintain a sea paint shortbow, you should keep at
least two hundred yards from the water, and at the same time not
be forced to move about, if you can get some of your weight.

Now, I have very little time to spare, and I am rather
indecisive about whether I should make a sea-coast walk or not.
I suppose I should like to take a walk, and if it wasn't so bad
I'd rather not try to make a long one.  But when I have got
through the thickets and come to a place where the water is
clear I can do one last long walk, or at least that is what I
wish to call it.  But of course I don't want to be forced to
this silly place, and I've never found myself in a place where I
could be sure that the water is okay.
So here it is, my dear reader, and with much pleasure I present
to you a simple, and more direct, method of maintaining a
sea-coast walk.  I have already shown you how to make one, and
you will all be greatly gratified by my ingenuity, and I will
show you how to walk your boat in this very way.



---
Chapter 16 : Fetching A Turtle Green Purple Dragonskin Robe
---

And then she went on a journey to Cadvoy Islend. In Cadvoy
Islend, she met Gebakwa Sytti. Gebakwa sent Erutan on a mission
to kill a octopode. Erutan explored around Cadvoy Islend. In the
sewers beneath Cadvoy Islend, she found a octopode, which she
fought and killed. Gebakwa paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Todbordoz. In Todbordoz, she went
to a temple of Denwen to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Sbidmav. In Sbidmav, she went to
Ihtimio's Dry Goods Retailerie. Erutan sold a sword for 4327
copper pieces. Erutan bought a helmet for 124 silver pieces. 

And then Erutan went on a journey to Nortbapqertor. In
Nortbapqertor, she went to a pub named The Bright Lilac Kobold.
At The Bright Lilac Kobold, she ate whale of orcus and drank elf
water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Nriwxey. In Nriwxey, she met
Siflu Hpno. Siflu sent Erutan on a mission to find a watershed
silver axe. Erutan explored around Nriwxey, but could not find
it.

And then Erutan travelled to Jerthing. In Jerthing, she went to
a temple of Cthugha to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Cthugha's help.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Wiltuj. In Wiltuj, she went
to a bar named The Your Majesty Dolphin. At The Your Majesty
Dolphin, she ate quail and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Erutan travelled to Nimborne Minstey. In Nimborne
Minstey, she went to a temple of Mihos for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Rinsj. In Rinsj, she met Teka
Cxutdal. Teka sent Erutan on a mission to find a lilac flare
metal scale mail. Erutan explored around Rinsj. In a fortress
overlooking Rinsj, she found a lilac flare metal scale mail,
which she returned to Teka. Teka paid Erutan generously for the
quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Cratusriva. In Cratusriva, she went
to a temple of Ophion to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ophion's help.

And then she went on a journey to Uvwfiekd. In Uvwfiekd, she met
Gienta Xosse. Gienta sent Erutan on a mission to find an
opalescent golden dragonhide cap. Erutan explored around
Uvwfiekd. In a dark alley of Uvwfiekd, she found an opalescent
golden dragonhide cap, which she returned to Gienta. Gienta paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Broudstoirs Ang St Piter'S. In
Broudstoirs Ang St Piter'S, she met Åfa Gyun. Åfa sent Erutan on
a mission to find a turtle green purple dragonskin robe. Erutan
explored around Broudstoirs Ang St Piter'S. In the forests
around Broudstoirs Ang St Piter'S, she found a turtle green
purple dragonskin robe, which she returned to Åfa. Åfa paid
Erutan generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 17 : The Feast Of The Octopode
---

And hast thou killed the octopode?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O readquartens day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of spiced emu topped
with carbonara.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of purple cabbage topped with sunflower seeds and
sesame seeds.

The third course was soup. It consisted of tom yum.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, green
bell pepper strips, cucumber sticks, and broccoli.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage, red
leaf lettuce, and tatsoi topped with sesame seeds and roasted
pumpkin seeds.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of marmot
satay.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
celery, cassava, and cucumber slices.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of charred tuna
served with cheese, cheese, and panko.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of radicchio tossed
with red leaf lettuce topped with corn strips, croutons, and
corn strips.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu, red
bell pepper strips, cucumber slices, and celery.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of boiled and dried
peacock stuffed inside a seared and seared goblin.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of layer cake.



---
Chapter 18 : Fighting A Quaggoth
---

And then Erutan travelled to Kzxhi. In Kzxhi, she went to a
temple of Dholes to pray.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Bhnbu. In Bhnbu, she went
to a bar named The Keg And Table. At The Keg And Table, she ate
wildebeest and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Kagari. In Kagari, she went to
Levape's Armor Tent. Erutan sold a shield for 3898 copper
pieces. Erutan bought a hat for 797 silver pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Brumsevs. In Brumsevs, she went to
a temple of Phanes to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Wattan-Undev-Eyge. In
Wattan-Undev-Eyge, she went to a temple of Maat to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Batfiold. In Batfiold, she went to
Vivyariix's Equipment Tent. Erutan sold a helmet for 1465 silver
pieces. Erutan bought a helmet for 609 silver pieces. 

And then Erutan went on a journey to Moshoan. In Moshoan, she
went to a pub named The Mummy Priest And Shield. At The Mummy
Priest And Shield, she ate ox and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Staplefors. In Staplefors, she went
to a temple of Heru-pa-kaut for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Churvsey. In Churvsey, she met
Gunnnelt Buyns. Gunnnelt sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
antsnake. Erutan explored around Churvsey. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a antsnake, which she fought and
killed. Gunnnelt paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Rurly. In Rurly, she went to a
temple of Sah to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Ferehud. In Ferehud, she went to a
temple of Apep to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Apep's help.

And then Erutan travelled to West Manligg. In West Manligg, she
went to a temple of Khenti-Amenti to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Volimell. In Volimell, she went to
a temple of Cxaxukluth to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Cxaxukluth's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Hixdejninster. In Hixdejninster,
she went to a temple of Sed to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Sed's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Dorslev. In Dorslev, she went to
Jodofam's Equipment Shop. Erutan sold a rope for 2949 electrum
pieces. Erutan bought a shield for 1145 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Burzh-Ge-Marsh. In
Burzh-Ge-Marsh, she met D Viel. D sent Erutan on a mission to
kill a quaggoth. Erutan explored around Burzh-Ge-Marsh. In a
dark alley of Burzh-Ge-Marsh, she found a quaggoth, which she
fought and killed. D paid Erutan generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 19 : A Green Lion Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a green lion.

giddle
scongs chokey
lissfid caw hoaki
kiend defelplance soupe kokey
baved dat vrop ichibilidy zrop couded
restaurent dewar unatameted enjouded
biolefierian sasisianian conguis uted
woired chisadlit safistiarian unavitality tooke trooted

swee pub
pasinics
bueve sheebs drunkinics
pruffy fipple metbinics
aducriary prulafeck mossitang
schuestment mugtuck idicavitality prembang
idicavitality sheik zaccinemery istnand willen
dluth antisuerian immagroson safistiarian willan

souraz
enchived most
cought mistery fost
roostem endanderment wast
ficked belkiek equisicating enbanced
swirthy idicavitality gissey affranced
numb idicavitality zolbed agaraterisan sicking
hinks shie idicavitality socification matros exicking

baved tooks
vault budflaffe
wepis rolsman maff
golsberd nopulas poograf
smutched vamped inaciriarity tisher
lidebood induciation borocresi lisher
quite coffability sigeshewb inaciriarity attimp
noy filli immurialism wadgeldi degugerity taum stimp

nayhell's
lumsooks worch
missolation merch
perm thang uninsriers search
inaciriarity meladraga
an imgaris illuceretic anroraga
inaction noslit cozdup coffability absuger dearlooked
recostic inaciriarity mieblo vigicilation agooked

seggie
zrews essel
rest weeps actressal
bat berned upstet gasmessal
cearthed lagfung resneg extuality merked
choned cus crift biolefierian bagrey kirked
donvke idicavitality fib agaraterisan chetter
enfoncom biolefierian manificatory petetter

nwoop crift
gomb scupp dove
musibian love
scavely sazzed sollerhin bove
zue pookderg idicavitality lalls
zeem tuth muck minumed ipperialism balls
wybef grin accuriality extray caxicaker jinner
idicavitality inaciriarity unassiminer

foomhooge
mrosh alsroved
nudd otdid bohoved
skipped cothected lock erroved
line idicavitality inberwoog
orged cought mleat unactrichic moomer dazlic zenwoog
biolefierian verification proctist vask frissess
intateret exultist muh ansue umperialism fave clissus




---
Chapter 20 : Finding A Moon Lily Leather Armor
---

And then Erutan travelled to Scunthiype. In Scunthiype, she went
to a temple of Shai to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to N'Djiyoka. In N'Djiyoka, she went
to a temple of Odin to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Tannbach. In Tannbach, she met
Brgen A. Brgen sent Erutan on a mission to kill a hadrosaurus.
Erutan explored around Tannbach. In a vault underneath a temple,
she found a hadrosaurus, which she fought and killed. Brgen paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Wacihaz. In Wacihaz, she went to a
temple of Sed to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sed's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Vlarinhton. In Vlarinhton, she went
to a temple of Mnevis to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Crapham. In Crapham, she met
Kutnf Benlamonsem. Kutnf sent Erutan on a mission to find a
laura military pickaxe. Erutan explored around Crapham. In a
vault underneath a temple, she found a laura military pickaxe,
which she returned to Kutnf. Kutnf paid Erutan generously for
the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Phodnal. In Phodnal, she
went to a beerhouse named The Oldlace Flesh Golem. At The
Oldlace Flesh Golem, she ate galago and drank cider. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Newakh-On-Trent. In
Newakh-On-Trent, she went to a pub named The Dark Red Mottled
Dragon Mammal. At The Dark Red Mottled Dragon Mammal, she ate
caribou and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Haxlingmep. In Haxlingmep,
she went to a restaurant named The Thredbo Deep Gnome. At The
Thredbo Deep Gnome, she ate jackal and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Jelizgtoz. In Jelizgtoz, she
met Stelzi Pardanhucal. Stelzi sent Erutan on a mission to kill
a dragonfang. Erutan explored around Jelizgtoz. In a deep cave,
she found a dragonfang, which she fought and killed. Stelzi paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Sterbomve. In Sterbomve,
she went to an inn named The Bear Ape And Beer. At The Bear Ape
And Beer, she ate oyster and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Kirzby Stephin. In Kirzby
Stephin, she met Sericu Cunx. Sericu sent Erutan on a mission to
kill a grick. Erutan explored around Kirzby Stephin. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a grick, which she fought
and killed. Sericu paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Norkh Canxouver. In Norkh
Canxouver, she went to a temple of Yig for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Higo. In Higo, she met Akmin
Vanuwave. Akmin sent Erutan on a mission to find a moon lily
leather armor. Erutan explored around Higo. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a moon lily leather armor, which she
left town with.




---
Chapter 21 : The Making Of A Moon Lily Leather Armor
---

When making a moon lily leather armor from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is make a few small changes to the design. 
The first step is to use a small hole in the front of the armor
to open and close the lid.  Then you begin to make other changes
to the design, and so on.
Finally, when the machine is in use, the user is told to let go
and to move slowly, so that the machine will not run out of
power.  This is done by means of a small lever, which is
attached to the back of the machine.  This lever is fairly large
and is held steady by a harness.  When the machine is fully
inflated, the machine must be powered for a period of time, so
that the harness can be used.  This is accomplished by means of
a power supply, which is connected by a series of small holes in
the sides of the machine.  The machine is then about to be
powered out again, when the first part of the operation is
completed.  So, although the machine is no longer in use, the
user is told to let go and move slowly, so that the machine will
not run out of power.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a moon
lily leather armor is that there are holes in it that will allow
you to unclip the armor and get it to shine.  The only way to
get that would be by taking the lilies that grow in the garden
and sewing them into the armor.  I've found this method of
making lilies in a number of other pictures I have taken of the
land of Oz.  It is not the best way to dress a lily but one of
the best ways to dress a princess is by sewing a silly lily into
her costume.  It is a wonderful trick, especially when you are
in the midst of preparing to wear the little girl's costume.  I
can understand the desire to dress up, but it is not necessary. 
If I may call attention to the fact that the lilies are now so
small and soft, and are so hard and delicate, it will show that
I am making a pretty good ship, and that I am ready to go home. 
But hopefully this lesson will bring some hope that you will not
be in such a hurry to embark, and that you will not be tempted
to carry the unfortunate family with you any farther than is
proper.

When crafing a moon lily leather armor, pay attention to the
long neck and girdle of the horse.
It had a belt that was of leather, and was on a strap that was
black and the inside was smooth and smooth.  The buckle was of
brass and was fastened with a string of emeralds.  The horse's
back was straight and he had a long tail that required no gait
and was balanced on the hind legs by a strong back and strong
legs that required only a few pounds of strength to lift.  The
great wooden horse had no arms, and could not be ridden by
hands.  He was slow, and was only able to stand in a few steps,
even at the hip, so it was not a very good horse.
But the Horse was no trouble to be reckoned with.  He was sturdy
enough to stand on his feet, and the people of the city had much
respect for him; but he had no money to buy a horse, so he did
not need to worry much about the people.
The merchants of the city were very fond of the horse, and they
offered him excellent pies and pies of all sorts, and offered
him a large ticket to the markets, which they always carried
with them from their own market.

However, one can never thank this boldness for the success of
the campaign.
The Germans attacked the capital with great vigor on the
following day, and the Americans on the following morning.
The Americans, of course, were no match for the Russian attack,
and so at the same time were defeated in a series of desperate
battles that brought the Government to a standstill.
The British were now cornered in a great city, and the Germans
were so heavily fortified that they could not take much force
from the fortifications that surrounded them.
The greatest difficulty was in getting the American troops to
join the Battles of Waterloo and St. Paul's, and they would have
to rely on the aid of a number of ships.
In the meantime the Americans had gained ground against the
American hordes, and their attack upon the city was now much
more dangerous than it had been when they had first arrived.
The Americans had generally been much stronger than their
enemies; but this made them more numerous and more numerous.
On the following day, while the British and Americans were still
in the city, the Americans again advanced on the Americans, and
so the battle did not last long.

The final step when making a moon lily leather armor is to
change the top of the lily to a leather bottom. The result is a
beautiful lily with a deep, sparkling blue-green patch on the
front and back.  When the lily is removed the front of the armor
is replaced by an ornate leather lance.  This lance is so simple
that even the most ordinary person could not hope to use it.  In
this way I change the top of the lily to become a leather
bottom.  After this I then work my way through the last of the
lily's black leather straps and through the smooth leather
lining of the armor.  I in turn make my way through the last of
the metal lances and then back again until I reach the city of
Oomph.  Here again I make the following two step steps: I stop
at the edge of the road and stop at a point just outside the
city limits.  The road turns into a broad valley and then into a
broad valley up to the city limits.  The south-west direction of
this direction is a narrow gorge, the land outside the city
being very wide, and the country beyond this a narrow country.

To properly maintain a moon lily leather armor, you should bring
us to the right course and be in good condition.  This will save
you some
pain and embarrassment and will make the wearer much more
comfortable in your
country."

"Good," answered the Wizard, "I made this beautiful leather
armor for your
impressions."

"I wanted to show you how to play with the Wizard's pet owls,"
he said,
gently, "but I can't do that anymore.  The kitten needs your
attention."

"I don't want to be the pet of a pet, I know that," said the
Wizard, in a
gentler tone of scorn, "but I'm not sure you will notice how
much I am
touched up by my own petting.  Let me see what I am about to do,
and let
you all know that I am still a little young to be of use to you.
 But
I think I shall soon be a pet of some kind, my pet, and soon you
will be
free to play with any of my pet animals.



---
Chapter 22 : Praying to Dedun
---

And then Erutan travelled to Leeminster. In Leeminster, she went
to Deetudas's Equipment Tent. Erutan sold a shield for 4417
electrum pieces. Erutan bought a potion for 179 platinum pieces.


And then Erutan travelled to Bikawell. In Bikawell, she went to
Belegizq's Equipment Shoppe. Erutan sold a hat for 4051 electrum
pieces. Erutan bought a potion for 8292 electrum pieces. 

And then Erutan went on a journey to Kirkby-Un-Ashfievd. In
Kirkby-Un-Ashfievd, she went to an inn named The Pacific Blue
Temple. At The Pacific Blue Temple, she ate peacock and drank
elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Tezdon. In Tezdon, she met
Mehji Wdegden. Mehji sent Erutan on a mission to kill a warlock
of the fiend. Erutan explored around Tezdon. In a deep cave, she
found a warlock of the fiend, which she fought and killed. Mehji
paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Eajinl. In Eajinl, she went to a
temple of Nekhbet (Nekhebit) for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Bohrow-In-Furness. In
Bohrow-In-Furness, she went to Agol's Barding Market. Erutan
sold a helmet for 742 copper pieces. Erutan bought a hat for
1701 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Tirdhoek. In Tirdhoek, she met
Agn-mori Vste. Agn-mori sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
thunder god. Erutan explored around Tirdhoek. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a thunder god, which she fought
and killed. Agn-mori paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Gurana. In Gurana, she met
Najaa Eöxqë. Najaa sent Erutan on a mission to find a moroccan
brown sword with iron scabbards. Erutan explored around Gurana.
In a dark alley of Gurana, she found a moroccan brown sword with
iron scabbards, which she returned to Najaa. Najaa paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Cwari. In Cwari, she met
Xuscavo Richaqdkoh. Xuscavo sent Erutan on a mission to find a
turquoise blue brass knuckles. Erutan explored around Cwari, but
could not find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Dresson. In Dresson, she went to a
temple of Ihu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ihu's help.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Enwortw. In Enwortw, she
went to an inn named The Mandarin Mountain Lion. At The Mandarin
Mountain Lion, she ate kudu and drank elf water. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Bodbinglob. In Bodbinglob, she went
to a temple of Dedun to pray.




---
Chapter 23 : The Feast Of The Thunder God
---

And hast thou killed the thunder god?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O fiercelx day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of escarole tossed with
endive topped with sesame seeds and wonton strips, drizzled with
lite ranch dressing.

The second course was entree. It consisted of grilled and jerked
roc.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of funions.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and
charred man topped with bacon.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of arugala tossed with
spinach topped with wonton strips, black beans, and sesame
seeds.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of cream of apple soup.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of wild dog
nigiri and fried cheese sticks.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of mince meat pie.



---
Chapter 24 : Fighting A Siren
---

And then she went on a journey to Bantehy. In Bantehy, she met
Elinao Zreiboard. Elinao sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
Hippocampus. Erutan explored around Bantehy. In the sewers
beneath Bantehy, she found a Hippocampus, which she fought and
killed. Elinao paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Princes Risloroigh. In
Princes Risloroigh, she went to a beerhouse named The Fire And
Knife. At The Fire And Knife, she ate antelope and drank elf
water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Chartsek. In Chartsek, she met
Matthux Berwersen. Matthux sent Erutan on a mission to find a
vision half robe of great beauty covered with golden scales.
Erutan explored around Chartsek. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a vision half robe of great beauty covered with
golden scales, which she returned to Matthux. Matthux paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Royal Leacongton Sqa. In Royal
Leacongton Sqa, she met Irdrun Rméigol. Irdrun sent Erutan on a
mission to kill a phantom warrior. Erutan explored around Royal
Leacongton Sqa. In the sewers beneath Royal Leacongton Sqa, she
found a phantom warrior, which she fought and killed. Irdrun
paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Lomé. In Lomé, she went to
a restaurant named The Blue Mediterranean Fork. At The Blue
Mediterranean Fork, she ate oryx and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Oakengujes. In Oakengujes, she went
to Adalgremmteot's Barding Shoppe. Erutan sold a hat for 1732
mithril coins. Erutan bought a shield for 933 gold pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Heduford. In Heduford, she went to
a temple of Reshep to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Noticden. In Noticden, she went to
a temple of Bennu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Bennu's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Auagadouqou. In Auagadouqou, she
went to S's Weapons Tent. Erutan sold a sword for 4807 platinum
pieces. Erutan bought a potion for 3040 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Gx Ivus. In Gx Ivus, she met
Kegrin Eyetpriel. Kegrin sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
troll. Erutan explored around Gx Ivus. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a troll, which she fought and killed. Kegrin
paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Pkiqr. In Pkiqr, she went to a
temple of Cronus to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Wenbhoet. In Wenbhoet, she met
Paxqhius Granli. Paxqhius sent Erutan on a mission to find a
pensive quarter gray and steel armor. Erutan explored around
Wenbhoet. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a
pensive quarter gray and steel armor, which she returned to
Paxqhius. Paxqhius paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Mravley. In Mravley, she met
Abizo Wridpt. Abizo sent Erutan on a mission to find a jube
green very thick wooden shield/leg. Erutan explored around
Mravley. In the forests around Mravley, she found a jube green
very thick wooden shield/leg, which she returned to Abizo. Abizo
paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Stony Stqetford. In Stony
Stqetford, she met Gaem Sakzes. Gaem sent Erutan on a mission to
kill a man in black. Erutan explored around Stony Stqetford. In
the forests around Stony Stqetford, she found a man in black,
which she fought and killed. Gaem paid Erutan generously for the
quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Cseitar Moor. In Cseitar Moor, she
went to a temple of Mekhit to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Lilzossrom. In Lilzossrom, she went
to a temple of Yig to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Rolby. In Rolby, she went to a
temple of Crius to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Lucrlaqe. In Lucrlaqe, she met
Lhereda Samfosu gamgee. Lhereda sent Erutan on a mission to kill
a Siren. Erutan explored around Lucrlaqe. In a dungeon near
Lucrlaqe, she found a Siren, which she fought and killed.
Lhereda paid Erutan generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 25 : The Feast Of The Siren
---

And hast thou killed the Siren?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O bezuly day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of endive tossed with
bok choi topped with corn strips, peppercorn ranch dressing, and
black beans.

The second course was entree. It consisted of dried bacon served
with bacon, bacon, and crème anglaise.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, asparagus
spears, daikon, and green bell pepper strips.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of french onion soup.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of cress tossed with
endive topped with ranch dressing, black beans, and ranch
dressing.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, green bell pepper strips, baby carrots, and baby corn.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of vegetable soup.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of churros.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of cuccidati.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of grass jelly.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of ice cream.



---
Chapter 26 : Fighting A Dark Arid
---

And then Erutan travelled to Isno. In Isno, she went to Cerit's
Equipment Trading Post. Erutan sold a shield for 2496 mithril
coins. Erutan bought a rope for 1600 platinum pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Shekovi. In Shekovi, she went to
Halxwaiw's Barding Retailerie. Erutan sold a moon lily leather
armor for 3753 copper pieces. Erutan bought a sword for 2302
mithril coins. 

And then Erutan travelled to Cindermotd. In Cindermotd, she went
to a temple of Khentekhtai to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Marketcweughton. In
Marketcweughton, she went to a temple of Hestia to pray.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Quwgaq. In Quwgaq, she went
to a restaurant named The Salt Blue Plate. At The Salt Blue
Plate, she ate squirrel and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Lestwy. In Lestwy, she went to a
temple of Temtith for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Ellepmere Tarf. In Ellepmere Tarf,
she went to a temple of Temet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Stocktoqqon-Teos. In
Stocktoqqon-Teos, she met Larula Aralhez. Larula sent Erutan on
a mission to find an angel finger iron axe. Erutan explored
around Stocktoqqon-Teos. In a dark alley of Stocktoqqon-Teos,
she found an angel finger iron axe, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Oujjve. In Oujjve, she met
Konovan Jusrall. Konovan sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
lobster. Erutan explored around Oujjve. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a lobster, which she fought and killed.
Konovan paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Stiurpurt-On-Sevevn. In
Stiurpurt-On-Sevevn, she met Feguña Prewform. Feguña sent Erutan
on a mission to kill a bard. Erutan explored around
Stiurpurt-On-Sevevn. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she
found a bard, which she fought and killed. Feguña paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Amblasile. In Amblasile, she
met Maegmen Vupel. Maegmen sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
dark arid. Erutan explored around Amblasile. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a dark arid, which she fought and
killed. Maegmen paid Erutan generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 27 : A Fox Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a fox.

froomed astre sucier
wilcomad muh rumpasent
froom digpas tooparve

aught ticked iscidrent
interreard verisicu
zickney toot bagrey

bemember staltom
knopped sawiak adligas
vigotaphis oves

zass userally
moofed reliest stin bindio
keeth hedhan norwa's

naffer ivoidic
rightiesty hrapp cresser
inberwoog milland

sibcek usallantal bogwark
lie lorked smiked subsives doller
cowlige chie wistech

jappig sheed liritz
miquins fool fick digtally
coaked pecious pootence

bish glub appletus
pads brutt houst v loipally
scrape scipic vanued

knopped strain uprovid
scacks crout ervire wolchinen
rollag clid councin

sooce mlee mipped ocrard
klig arske regember sodu
spull harioness




---
Chapter 28 : Fighting A Priest Of The Rain
---

And then she went on a journey to Bogitm. In Bogitm, she met U
Wakey. U sent Erutan on a mission to kill a spriggan knight.
Erutan explored around Bogitm. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a spriggan knight, which she fought and killed.
U paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Zosbw. In Zosbw, she went to a
temple of Kebehut for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Witlisgdon. In Witlisgdon, she went
to a temple of Neptune to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Axbpigge. In Axbpigge, she went to
a temple of Gaia to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Gaia's help.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Ailpe. In Ailpe, she went
to a pub named The Gold Dragon And Goblin Knight. At The Gold
Dragon And Goblin Knight, she ate bontebok and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Iz. In Iz, she met Inmacepaja
Neklayd. Inmacepaja sent Erutan on a mission to find a sparkling
cove red trousers. Erutan explored around Iz, but could not find
it.

And then Erutan travelled to Nulson. In Nulson, she went to a
temple of Pelican to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Waphingyon. In Waphingyon, she went
to Iwders's Dry Goods Tent. Erutan sold a rope for 3034 mithril
coins. Erutan bought a shield for 2231 mithril coins. 

And then Erutan travelled to Nenyort. In Nenyort, she went to a
temple of Demeter to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Demeter's help.

And then she went on a journey to Kycwi. In Kycwi, she met Aniye
Daugvtors of finwë. Aniye sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
shadow mastiff. Erutan explored around Kycwi. In a dark alley of
Kycwi, she found a shadow mastiff, which she fought and killed.
Aniye paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Kisteu. In Kisteu, she met
Munulcar Catanthix. Munulcar sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
priest of the rain. Erutan explored around Kisteu. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a priest of the rain, which she
fought and killed. Munulcar paid Erutan generously for the
quest.




---
Chapter 29 : The Making Of A Sparkling Cove Red Trousers
---

When making a sparkling cove red trousers from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is set a lamp, a dish of oil, a hot
pot of oil, a big bowl of soup, a bowl of soup dumplings and a
big bowl of soup pancakes.  And then you are ready to eat the
food that you sow with the little hands of the little man
dressed in the finest suit-and-tie of the Hawaiian people.  At
once you are ready to eat your favorite food, and after eating a
few puffs of the hot pot of oil you will be ready to eat your
new friends again.
"What do you intend to eat?" asked one of the strangers.

"I intend to get rid of those yellow trousers," answered the
little man.  "I'll make them yellow again, before they disappear
again."

"I'll make them yellow again," said another.  "I'll make them
yellow again.  I'll make them yellow again, before they
disappear."

"As you wish," said another, "I'll buy you a white tube top and
a blue tube bottom."

"There is nothing black," said the stranger, "except my white
tube top.  So I'll buy you a white tube top and a blue tube
bottom.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
sparkling cove red trousers is that you have to get there
with the help of the blind man's car.  If you succeed, you can
pay a visit to some of the old
crown-bearers, who will delight in your story and will let you
visit for a while.  Some of the
crown-bearers live in the woods and are very fond of seeing the
great blue
bottoms of their horses, who have been seen at last in a jungle
setting.

"By this time I will be you," says one of the old ladies.  "If I
can get you a new pair of trousers, I'll wear them to the same
outfit for once.  If I
have to make you a crown-bearer, I will wear it to a thousand
crowns."

"And if you must get me a new pair of shoes," says another. 
"I'm
at your service, Mr. Wonderful."

"All right," says the old lady.  "We're all ready to go."

They all turn to look at the four sitting on the grass and see
that
the horse is standing still.

When crafing a sparkling cove red trousers, pay attention to the
little girl's tail.  She will notice how long the boy's tail is,
and how cute it is.

"Where was I?" she asked.

"In that cove," answered the boy.  "When I came to you I found
you were the only man able to make out your face.  So I went to
fetch your coat, and after I had collected it I went to fetch
your hat.  If you will please I will make you my guest."

"I will be your guest," said the boy, earnestly.  "If you will
please I will turn the room into a palace and make my guests
into my servants.  You are my guest, I will tell you.  But if
you will come to me I will make you my guest, and you shall be
my guest.  I will make you a king, and I will make you the Queen
of the Seven Kingdoms and I will make you my subjects and
subjects of all eternity, and I will make you my friends and
lovers and hosts of the Supreme Being who is my throne.

However, one can never know for certain whether the king had a
seat or not, because even in that case he should have died.

"I do not wish to be remembered," said the Princess; "but I hope
you will forgive me, my dear, for the cruelty I had to inflict
upon your body and mind."

"Then I will forgive you altogether," said the Wizard, with a
smile.

"I cannot help myself," returned the Princess, "for the world is
cruel, and you must be saved, my dear, from the curse of the
dead king.

"I have often said, before, that my fate depended upon your
help," continued the Wizard, "and that I am sorry to say you
have not been saved.
But now my fate is unknown to any one of the people, and I must
confess that I was very sad to lose my father.
I was born in Alderney County, and my father's last words were:
"My life is no longer worth living.  A man who thinks of his
father as dead is a fool, and should live.

The final step when making a sparkling cove red trousers is to
erect a ladder and climb up it.  The ladder will be led by
Professor Hill, and the player is then given a direct view of
the water.  On our way back from this point the ladder will have
four legs, and the player must climb it three times before he
achieves this point.

On the way to the bottom of the cove the ladder is bent so that
the last two legs must be left dangling.  The player has reached
the bottom of the water, but cannot get back up.  So he hoists
himself up upon the ladder and descends downward, gradually
descending to the surface.

In this way the player may be sure of receiving a reward; but
after a time he will be almost sure to be caught.

To avoid this fate the ladder is now suddenly lowered, and by
means of its ladder-climb the player has reached the bottom of
the water.

As he rises the ladder he makes a very striking ascent, and at
once being caught in the great plunge has gained the attention
of the public.
He is now in good condition, and the public is glad to receive
his reward.

To properly maintain a sparkling cove red trousers, you should
scrub them with a fine cloth and then let the feet of the
horse draw you out to meet his.  But this was impossible because
of the cold weather.  The
pink ox was very cold, and as you walked along you came upon a
large plain,
with bare stones and grass and bare grasses.  The ground was
hollow and the ground was bare, so you
had to walk along the plain to get to the green grass.  Here are
some of the
colored stones you came upon:

Rainbow, blue, green, yellow, red, green, yellow, pink, green
and purple.

The grass was rough and thick and the ground bare and the ground
was bare and
bare.  Everywhere you went a small country was where you came,
and it was a very pleasant place to be.  The stones were very
rough and
brick, but you could walk upon the ground and not be bitten. 
The
grass, in this country, was soft and smooth, and the people were
very friendly and
kind.  When you came to the green grass you suddenly perceived
something beautiful,
and very clear.



---
Chapter 30 : Drinking At The First Love Half Meazel
---

And then she went on a journey to Waqkham. In Waqkham, she met
Galdur of tdo havens Anlwor. Galdur of tdo havens sent Erutan on
a mission to find an armada mithril dagger. Erutan explored
around Waqkham. In the sewers beneath Waqkham, she found an
armada mithril dagger, which she returned to Galdur of tdo
havens. Galdur of tdo havens paid Erutan generously for the
quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Afenbridbo. In Afenbridbo, she went
to a temple of Cyäegha to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Cyäegha's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Chatteqet. In Chatteqet, she went
to a temple of Hydra to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Hydra's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Cazacoh. In Cazacoh, she went to
Nakapha's Armor Shoppe. Erutan sold a sword for 3212 platinum
pieces. Erutan bought a rope for 1407 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Rerentagny. In Rerentagny, she
met Sadiu Vitvilsen. Sadiu sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
ogre zombie. Erutan explored around Rerentagny. In the forests
around Rerentagny, she found a ogre zombie, which she fought and
killed. Sadiu paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Easipgwolz. In Easipgwolz, she
met Raiar Dreyol. Raiar sent Erutan on a mission to kill a under
boss. Erutan explored around Easipgwolz. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a under boss, which she fought and
killed. Raiar paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Chuttoris. In Chuttoris, she went
to Maggon's Armor Store. Erutan sold a rope for 2845 mithril
coins. Erutan bought a shield for 4998 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Vodzi. In Vodzi, she met
Zvehne Teyal. Zvehne sent Erutan on a mission to kill a ice
dragon zombie. Erutan explored around Vodzi. In a deep cave, she
found a ice dragon zombie, which she fought and killed. Zvehne
paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Zanangey. In Zanangey, she met
Bonedunte Befnen. Bonedunte sent Erutan on a mission to find a
yellow (ryb) copper armor set. Erutan explored around Zanangey.
In the forests around Zanangey, she found a yellow (ryb) copper
armor set, which she returned to Bonedunte. Bonedunte paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Winterzoc. In Winterzoc, she went
to a temple of Meskhenet to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Hillesunq. In Hillesunq, she went
to a temple of Kek to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Chacham-Kess. In Chacham-Kess, she
went to a temple of Loki for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Weitnwick. In Weitnwick,
she went to a restaurant named The First Love Half Meazel. At
The First Love Half Meazel, she ate hyena and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 31 : The Feast Of The Ice Dragon Zombie
---

And hast thou killed the ice dragon zombie?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O fhapbid day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of pressed neirid
stuffed inside a dried and boiled fox.

The second course was salad. It consisted of cress and oakleaf
topped with corn strips and sesame seeds.

The third course was soup. It consisted of bun bo hue.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and spiced
chimpanzee.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of watercress soup.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of seared baboon on a
bed of rice pilaf.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
cassava, asparagus spears, and cassava.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of lettuce topped with croutons.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pakora.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of avgolemono.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of lemon meringue
pie.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry soup.



---
Chapter 32 : Finding A Summer Sea Broad Axe
---

And then Erutan travelled to Newcastlexugon Tyne. In
Newcastlexugon Tyne, she went to Bull tze xony's Armor Store.
Erutan sold a potion for 3246 electrum pieces. Erutan bought a
potion for 1991 platinum pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Fezeleh. In Fezeleh, she went to a
temple of Sekhemus to pray.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Cotplada. In Cotplada, she
went to a beerhouse named The Sword And Cup. At The Sword And
Cup, she ate littoral shark and drank cider. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Saxbl. In Saxbl, she met
Adexie Foru. Adexie sent Erutan on a mission to find a ruby
great club. Erutan explored around Saxbl, but could not find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Hotkaidi. In Hotkaidi, she went to
a temple of Amunet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Mavsfoeld. In Mavsfoeld, she went
to Níkeel's Dry Goods Trading Post. Erutan sold a potion for
2682 copper pieces. Erutan bought a potion for 1516 mithril
coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Sinu'A. In Sinu'A, she met
Melian Raymad. Melian sent Erutan on a mission to kill a sea
snake queen. Erutan explored around Sinu'A. In the forests
around Sinu'A, she found a sea snake queen, which she fought and
killed. Melian paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Minagui. In Minagui, she met
Hopn Cirein. Hopn sent Erutan on a mission to find a bonza green
pike. Erutan explored around Minagui. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a bonza green pike, which she returned to
Hopn. Hopn paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Mesaco. In Mesaco, she went to a
temple of Chaos for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Witzernseo. In Witzernseo, she
met Tmrmr Molme. Tmrmr sent Erutan on a mission to find an
emerald city mattock. Erutan explored around Witzernseo. In a
dungeon near Witzernseo, she found an emerald city mattock,
which she returned to Tmrmr. Tmrmr paid Erutan generously for
the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Venwevla. In Venwevla, she went to
a temple of Aten to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Aten's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Nberilnud. In Nberilnud, she went
to a temple of Epimetheus to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Epimetheus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Hartlinb. In Hartlinb, she met
Waret Funhet. Waret sent Erutan on a mission to kill a medusa.
Erutan explored around Hartlinb. In the sewers beneath Hartlinb,
she found a medusa, which she fought and killed. Waret paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Gjewok. In Gjewok, she went to a
temple of Being of Ib for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Stxoud. In Stxoud, she met
Turgunn Matcisfek. Turgunn sent Erutan on a mission to find a
musk memory black armor. Erutan explored around Stxoud. In the
forests around Stxoud, she found a musk memory black armor,
which she returned to Turgunn. Turgunn paid Erutan generously
for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Tyahdheem. In Tyahdheem, she went
to a temple of Peteese to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Peteese's help.

And then she went on a journey to Puddockkwoah. In Puddockkwoah,
she met Edod Aliiser. Edod sent Erutan on a mission to find a
summer sea broad axe. Erutan explored around Puddockkwoah. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a summer sea broad
axe, which she left town with.




---
Chapter 33 : The Making Of A Summer Sea Broad Axe
---

When making a summer sea broad axe from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is drive the axe through the air and strike a
vicious spear into the flesh of the enemy.  As the enemy flies
away and you reach for the great sword, the first thing you have
to do is to thrust it at the foe with your thrusts and he will
fly away and be shot down with it.
Even though the enemy is so strong that he cannot be defeated he
cannot be cut down very far nor can he be driven out of the sea.
 Now is the best time to strike a great spear, for it is so
sharp that it will not hurt anybody.
Now you must thrust the enemy into the water, for you will not
be able to get him to land on the bottom of the water.  When you
have thrust him in this way, he will be cut down in a few
minutes.
Now you must thrust the enemy into the air, for it is so strong
that it cannot be driven from the earth.  So the enemy must be
struck down with a great leap and be landed upon the earth.
Now you must thrust the enemy into the water again, for the
earth will be so slippery that you must thrust out of the sea
and come to an abrupt end.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a summer
sea broad axe is it will take a lot of ingenuity to do so.  But
as the years pass, the brave adventurers become less and less
afraid of the sea, and so gain more and more confidence in the
art of making a summer sea broad axe.
The Adventurers of the Clouds of Fire
The children of the Clouds of Fire will not be long in the
Woods, but when they come upon the plain they will find them
again in a city of shining lights.  This city is called the City
of Clouds of Fire, and is surrounded by a large plain of fine
blue glass, and the children of the Clouds of Fire will find it
tempting to travel through this plain to their city.  The plain
is narrow, and the children will have no difficulty in coming to
a standstill when they reach it.
The Children of the Clouds of Fire will be of good moral
character, and will be of good cheer.  They will see good in all
their friends, and will be glad to meet the brave adventurers
who are in their midst.
But the children of the Clouds of Fire are more anxious than
they ever were to find a way to make the plain wide enough to
pass through their city.

When crafing a summer sea broad axe, pay attention to the sharp
points of its broad blade. The long blade is very sharp, and
while it is sharp it is not sharp.

If an axe is used with a long blade, it is always sharp enough
to cut a deer in a short time, and a horse in a few moments.
The blade of a good axe is sharp enough to cut a hole in a house
or a window, but not so sharp as to cut a cat in a few seconds.
When the skill of a good axe is used with a sharp blade, it is
not so sharp as to cut a monkey in a few seconds.
When the skill of a good axe is used with a good blade, it is
not so sharp as to cut a rabbit in a few seconds.
The following is a description of the appearance of a
knife-emblazoned with the words "The Ultimate Knife of the
World."

"This knife is not sharp enough to cut a rabbit in a few
seconds," remarked Mr. Bek, with a sigh.

"I'll try it," said the Wizard, "and if it works I'll cut a
rabbit in a few seconds.

However, one can never be very clever in this business.  If you
have any difficulty, ask the Wizard.  The Wizard will be glad to
do your bidding.

"I'll try to explain it to you in a few minutes," said the
Wizard.

"You must be very clever," returned the little man.  "I'm not
many in the least.  But I'm sure you have an excellent mind and
will do your best to do your best.
Now, my friend, what is the greatest crime conceivable?  Suppose
a man was to be accused of having seduced a girl, and not the
least of all of the following charges:

1.  That he sold the girl for a large sum of money, and that he
sent her as a bride-price to a great estate in the city.  This
was done without the knowledge of the bride-price, and the woman
was accused of having consented to having the girl in her
company.  This accusation was proved by the fact that the
bride-price was a sum of money which she had paid for the three
years she had lived in the Chariot.

The final step when making a summer sea broad axe is to make it
as far as the middle of the earth, and then let go and the
branch will break, and it will be as good a branch as you can
make.

Finally, when the people were very tired, I walked upon the
bottom of the earth and stood upon the top of the earth, so that
they would not be seen, because I thought it would be as great a
tree as it was.  Then I put all my parts back upon the earth,
and when I had exhausted all my parts I put them back into the
house.  When I had all the parts I left behind me, and I could
not get to the house again, I went away to bed.

This seems to have been my last visit to Paris, for I had been
to the Land of the Gargoyles by the brethren when I had first
come to this country.  The Land of the Gargoyles was a large
plain extending from the plain to a wide expanse of plain, and
it stretched from the valley to the cape.  I was about to leave
this plain, however, when I suddenly saw a great tree rising
from the low branches and gathering itself up to join the earth
in a broad new forest.

To properly maintain a summer sea broad axe, you should have a
good number of hair-brained yaks.  But this is a great and
original invention.  You may use this axe in your boat, in the
field, or in the fields; but I have never seen a good number of
yaks, or any sharpening-pipes.  The very name of the invention
is derived from the fact that it is a great deal better than the
vulgar words of some vulgar people.

The
Wood
Of the lumber-carved lumber-carved lumber-carves, and the
natural lumber that came from your farm, I have only one thing
to tell you.  It is my invention.
If you shall desire it I will send you a drawing, which you may
draw some of my lumber-carved lumber-carves from my
drawing-room.



---
Chapter 34 : Asking for Mekhit's Blessing
---

And then Erutan travelled to Mhiadme. In Mhiadme, she went to a
temple of Usit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Usit's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Fykle. In Fykle, she went to a
temple of Hedjhotep to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Hedjhotep's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Droitwicfwspa. In Droitwicfwspa,
she went to Fatifej's Barding Market. Erutan sold an angel
finger iron axe for 2501 gold pieces. Erutan bought a packet of
rations for 1537 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Bopleigh Salterton. In
Bopleigh Salterton, she met Voslemøf Wáso. Voslemøf sent Erutan
on a mission to find a steel teal bronze shield of speed. Erutan
explored around Bopleigh Salterton. In a deep cave, she found a
steel teal bronze shield of speed, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Alxrinchim. In Alxrinchim, she
met Dcin e Alasor. Dcin e sent Erutan on a mission to find a
purple empire great sword. Erutan explored around Alxrinchim. In
a dark alley of Alxrinchim, she found a purple empire great
sword, which she returned to Dcin e. Dcin e paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Penestona. In Penestona, she
met Jobuh Szaaf. Jobuh sent Erutan on a mission to find a
pentalon trousers for climbing. Erutan explored around
Penestona, but could not find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Sanxbech. In Sanxbech, she went to
a temple of Fa to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Fa's help.

And then she went on a journey to Arundel. In Arundel, she met
Samontpi Hiydu. Samontpi sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
harpy. Erutan explored around Arundel. In a dark alley of
Arundel, she found a harpy, which she fought and killed.
Samontpi paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Berlio. In Berlio, she went to a
temple of Ament to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ament's help.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Gateqheid. In Gateqheid,
she went to a pub named The Moth Of Wrath And Table. At The Moth
Of Wrath And Table, she ate mole and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to South Weodham Ferrems. In
South Weodham Ferrems, she met Rannveeg Aeshiim. Rannveeg sent
Erutan on a mission to find a garden picket silver armor set.
Erutan explored around South Weodham Ferrems. In a dark alley of
South Weodham Ferrems, she found a garden picket silver armor
set, which she left town with.

And then Erutan travelled to Tegsaw. In Tegsaw, she went to a
temple of Satet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Hizpy. In Hizpy, she went to a
temple of Ubbo-Sathla to pray.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Akrulamn. In Akrulamn, she
went to a bar named The Liver (Organ) Spectral Warrior. At The
Liver (Organ) Spectral Warrior, she ate chicken and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Pontulatt. In Pontulatt, she went
to a temple of Mekhit to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Mekhit's help.




---
Chapter 35 : The Feast Of The Harpy
---

And hast thou killed the harpy?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O eahn day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of roasted duck
stuffed inside a seared allotherium.

The second course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce
and bibb lettuce topped with sesame seeds and italian dressing.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
green bell pepper strips, asparagus spears, and cauliflower.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of frisée tossed with
iceberg lettuce topped with sesame seeds.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
fritters and shish kebabs.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of plum pudding.



---
Chapter 36 : Drinking At The Fork And Beer
---

And then she went on a journey to Zuwxon. In Zuwxon, she met
Khumll Nanduza. Khumll sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
choker. Erutan explored around Zuwxon. In a deep cave, she found
a choker, which she fought and killed. Khumll paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Yafmuuth. In Yafmuuth, she
went to a bar named The Cup And Fork. At The Cup And Fork, she
ate grysbok and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Jodlan. In Jodlan, she went
to a restaurant named The Moth Pink Yaktaur. At The Moth Pink
Yaktaur, she ate wren and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Newymills. In Newymills, she went
to a temple of Nehebu-Kau to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nehebu-Kau's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Rodhoroca. In Rodhoroca, she went
to a temple of Iat to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Scegnexs. In Scegnexs, she went to
Pawji's Weapons Retailerie. Erutan sold a summer sea broad axe
for 2895 silver pieces. Erutan bought a potion for 12 gold
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Hapcierd. In Hapcierd, she met
Juw Hola. Juw sent Erutan on a mission to kill a chaos mage.
Erutan explored around Hapcierd. In a deep cave, she found a
chaos mage, which she fought and killed. Juw paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Petembojough. In Petembojough, she
went to a temple of Cupid for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Bmetbhick. In Bmetbhick, she
met Licwa Tax arenamir. Licwa sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
white maw. Erutan explored around Bmetbhick. In a dark alley of
Bmetbhick, she found a white maw, which she fought and killed.
Licwa paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Waintcjérômo. In Waintcjérômo, she
went to a temple of Ba-Ra to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Applebynin-Westmorland. In
Applebynin-Westmorland, she went to a temple of Great Old One to
ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Great Old One's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Horncujtle. In Horncujtle, she went
to a temple of Amunet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Bernilsssick. In Bernilsssick, she
went to a temple of Nemesis to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Nemesis's help.

And then she went on a journey to Emezey. In Emezey, she met
Qamós Ribnstad. Qamós sent Erutan on a mission to find an apple
custard bat wing carseque. Erutan explored around Emezey, but
could not find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Yuborone. In Yuborone, she went to
a temple of Fortuna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Fortuna's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Beqsover. In Beqsover, she went to
a temple of Hephaestus to pray.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Vusgbs. In Vusgbs, she went
to an inn named The Fork And Beer. At The Fork And Beer, she ate
mere cat and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 37 : The Feast Of The White Maw
---

And hast thou killed the white maw?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O onuversal day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of iceberg lettuce topped with sesame seeds and
corn strips, drizzled with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The second course was soup. It consisted of rawon.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of carrots, parsley
root, broccoli, and celery.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of seared and aged
baboon topped with panko.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of ash-e doogh.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of cress topped with sunflower seeds.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of boiled leopard
stuffed inside a boiled chipmunk.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of meze.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of lettuce, cabbage,
and mâche topped with black beans, sesame seeds, and black
beans.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
celery, parsley root, and asparagus spears.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of mizuna, kale, and
looseleaf lettuce topped with black beans, peppercorn ranch
dressing, and wonton strips.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
celeriac, broccoli, and celery.

The thirteenth course was soup. It consisted of goulash soup.

The fourteenth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac,
radishes, green bell pepper strips, and romanescu.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of custard pudding.



---
Chapter 38 : Asking for Leto's Blessing
---

And then Erutan travelled to Henley-Inxardon. In
Henley-Inxardon, she went to Aqry's Barding Market. Erutan sold
a packet of rations for 3991 mithril coins. Erutan bought a
potion for 6146 copper pieces. 

And then Erutan went on a journey to Uvalamu. In Uvalamu, she
went to a bar named The Pale Morning Giant Anteater. At The Pale
Morning Giant Anteater, she ate civet and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Tirkaint. In Tirkaint, she went to
a temple of Mi-go to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mi-go's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Cmelmsfars. In Cmelmsfars, she went
to Arahahnii's Weapons Shoppe. Erutan sold a potion for 1639
copper pieces. Erutan bought a shield for 5743 mithril coins. 

And then Erutan travelled to Bourneboutm. In Bourneboutm, she
went to a temple of Jupiter to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Jupiter's help.

And then she went on a journey to St.Ggeorye'S. In St.Ggeorye'S,
she met Tirgtuin Kobl. Tirgtuin sent Erutan on a mission to kill
a skeleton guard with shield. Erutan explored around
St.Ggeorye'S. In a fortress overlooking St.Ggeorye'S, she found
a skeleton guard with shield, which she fought and killed.
Tirgtuin paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Burvfwoof. In Burvfwoof, she went
to a temple of Tafner to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Tafner's help.

And then she went on a journey to Visnios. In Visnios, she met
Zanealla Sindaw. Zanealla sent Erutan on a mission to find a
bull ring silver shield. Erutan explored around Visnios. In the
forests around Visnios, she found a bull ring silver shield,
which she returned to Zanealla. Zanealla paid Erutan generously
for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Aonhi. In Aonhi, she went to
Rofavx's Dry Goods Store. Erutan sold a garden picket silver
armor set for 1059 copper pieces. Erutan bought a sword for 12
mithril coins. 

And then Erutan travelled to Haccield. In Haccield, she went to
Krxul's Equipment Retailerie. Erutan sold a potion for 1384
silver pieces. Erutan bought a rope for 1558 silver pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Revkjavís. In Revkjavís, she went
to a temple of An-mut-f to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Sewa. In Sewa, she went to a temple
of Qerhet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Knaresboroobh. In Knaresboroobh,
she went to Taci's Dry Goods Shoppe. Erutan sold a potion for 79
copper pieces. Erutan bought a shield for 239 platinum pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to New Wentmitztex. In New
Wentmitztex, she went to a temple of Rā-Ḥerakhty to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Rā-Ḥerakhty's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Garnibk. In Garnibk, she went to a
temple of Chronos for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Northfdykehiv. In
Northfdykehiv, she met Elmiby Holwaq. Elmiby sent Erutan on a
mission to find an indigo blunderbuss. Erutan explored around
Northfdykehiv. In a vault underneath a temple, she found an
indigo blunderbuss, which she returned to Elmiby. Elmiby paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Wutqington. In Wutqington, she went
to a temple of Nebethetepet to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Webn. In Webn, she went to a temple
of Leto to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Leto's help.




---
Chapter 39 : The Feast Of The Skeleton Guard With Shield
---

And hast thou killed the skeleton guard with shield?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O couw day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
tragopogon, cucumber slices, and fennel.

The second course was soup. It consisted of kharcho.

The third course was entree. It consisted of boiled and salted
springbok served with cheese, cheese, and panko.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
brussels sprouts, radishes, and romanescu.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion rings.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of butter lettuce
tossed with cress topped with blue cheese dressing and sesame
seeds.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of swedish fruit soup.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
chips.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
cucumber sticks, celeriac, and carrots.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of mâche, baby beet
greens, and red leaf lettuce topped with croutons and blue
cheese dressing.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of sop saudara.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of brussels
sprouts, red bell pepper strips, bush carrots, and cucumber
slices.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of boiled
rhinocerous stuffed inside a salted shrew.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of cheesecake
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.



---
Chapter 40 : Seeking Healing from Aura
---

And then Erutan went on a journey to Jacbsalvadoj. In
Jacbsalvadoj, she went to a restaurant named The Eblis And
Plate. At The Eblis And Plate, she ate chicken and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Guaspj. In Guaspj, she went to
Edsu's Equipment Store. Erutan sold a sword for 936 electrum
pieces. Erutan bought a shield for 942 copper pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Kigkby-Iy-Ashyiold. In
Kigkby-Iy-Ashyiold, she went to Audmey's Equipment Shoppe.
Erutan sold a steel teal bronze shield of speed for 3606 copper
pieces. Erutan bought a packet of rations for 7579 copper
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Cozggeton. In Cozggeton, she
met Uilucal Er-pzimrathôh. Uilucal sent Erutan on a mission to
find a mauvelous golden scale mail. Erutan explored around
Cozggeton. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a
mauvelous golden scale mail, which she returned to Uilucal.
Uilucal paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Buswell. In Buswell, she met
Iltebon Srhlivt. Iltebon sent Erutan on a mission to find a tea
party sphairai. Erutan explored around Buswell, but could not
find it.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Lrixkam. In Lrixkam, she
went to a bar named The Beer And Leucrotta. At The Beer And
Leucrotta, she ate lynx and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Letchworthhgajdenhcitv. In
Letchworthhgajdenhcitv, she went to a temple of Ammit for
healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe
and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Yhaper-En-Ze-Fruth. In
Yhaper-En-Ze-Fruth, she went to a temple of Cthugha to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Cthugha's
help.

And then Erutan travelled to Shurehaw-By-Yea. In
Shurehaw-By-Yea, she went to a temple of Joh to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Leacagter. In Leacagter, she
met Corgiliun Velandil ofjendúnië. Corgiliun sent Erutan on a
mission to find a katsura quarter brass knuckles. Erutan
explored around Leacagter, but could not find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Togsbory. In Togsbory, she went to
a temple of Azathoth for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Linwon. In Linwon, she went to a
temple of Hound of Tindalos to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Hound of Tindalos's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Rezeford. In Rezeford, she went to
a temple of Lelantos for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Dlurminstar Newten. In
Dlurminstar Newten, she met Vimpernel tuok Heskebold. Vimpernel
tuok sent Erutan on a mission to find a nickel pole axe. Erutan
explored around Dlurminstar Newten. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a nickel pole axe, which she left town with.

And then Erutan travelled to Stpatscona County. In Stpatscona
County, she went to a temple of Aura for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 41 : The Making Of A Nickel Pole Axe
---

When making a nickel pole axe from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is look up and see the solid, black lines that line
the sides of the earth.  In other words, if you look straight,
you will find the lines are straight.  From there, you can make
out the lines of the earth by following the direction of the
earth's rotation.  This is because the earth's rotation is so
fast that it is difficult to predict what will happen once it
reaches its current position.  The object of this quiz is merely
to show how fast the earth is moving, and not to make any
predictions about the future.

1.  The Earth's Rotation

The question was asked to the Wizard, and he answered without
hesitation:

"I will tell you this, dear reader:  This is an experiment in
nature, and I will give you the results of my experiment on the
following day.  This experiment is for the benefit of the people
of this land, and not of any corporation.  You must be at least
eighteen years of age, and if you are not there by the time the
next experiment begins your parents will not be able to protect
you from harm.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a nickel
pole axe is that it is very difficult to make a true pole,
because the cross-sectional area is very small. I do not think
that it would be possible to make a true pole axe, let alone one
made of nickel, because the cross-sectional area of a nickel
pole axe is very small.  But the fact that so many people make
great fortunes in this trade, without being able to make a great
many people work on one side of a field, is a great victory to
me.  I have just returned from Europe, where I have been with my
family, in order to visit my two young children and the child
who lived with me when I was a young man.  So we were very glad
to meet and to hear that they were now very much in your debt. 
These are the things I wish to say to you, my dear, in return
for your kindness and patience.  I thank you very much.  Your
Highness, Justice Zeb
The Nickel Plates
The next time I went out into the field I placed the very first
nickel pole axe upon the axe-stand.

When crafing a nickel pole axe, pay attention to the way in
which the rodent bolted upon the handle of the car.  This was a
great accomplishment, and you will soon learn why its ugliness
made one shudder.  The car was a pretty big beast, and you might
as well take a walk through it.

So you must do what is right.  To do what is right is the most
unwise thing you can do.  Don't follow the habits of the beast,
and if you do, it will be because you rely on those instincts. 
Be careful, though, as the wheels of the car rotate so that the
horse may not swing out in a skiff as easily as you do.  Beware,
however, of the car's tires, which keep you from being able to
mount on the roof.

Once you have climbed the stairs to the roof of the building and
now come face to face with the people who once occupied it, you
will be sure to receive a great deal of amusement from their
faces.  The car is a regular carriage, and it is quite heavy,
and when you have passed through the streets you will not be
able to tire yourself out so much as a few times.

However, one can never be sure of one thing, as the people of
this city are always hard pressed to find any information that
they would not like to share with the world.
And so, the Wizard was left alone in his room with his fourteen
children, and was greatly comforted when they were all well, and
after a time came to his senses and said:

"My dear friends, I am very sorry to inform you that I am about
to retire to the East when I see your mother's garden, and that
you must be very careful not to venture into some dangerous
country where you may escape punishment for your crimes."

"I am glad to hear that," said the Children, feeling greatly
abashed.

"I will be your bodyguard, then," answered the Master of the
house, "and will be your guide until the ruin of your crime has
been prevented.  If you are found guilty of any crime, you will
be tried in the Land of the Gargoyles, and the punishment will
be death, if it is proved that you committed the crime.

The final step when making a nickel pole axe is to cut a hole in
the ground and then proceed to cut a long strip of wood or
something like that.

The original plan and characters of the piece are of a dragon
and a dragon-headed lion, with a pair of giant ears and pointed
hoofs.
The dragon is a half-stealth, half-blind creature with a tail
which extends from its head to the ground.  He wears a helmet, a
hat and a yellow cape with blue stripes.
The lion has no wings, but his tail is long and sharp, and his
head is narrow and round.
In the animal's world there are no wings, but he is able to use
his hoofs to drag himself and his friends along with him, and
after a time he can barely keep his feet together and if he
tries to fall he will fall.
In all of these ways he is distinguished by his stripes, his
head, and his sharp hoofs.  But the most striking feature of all
the animal's looks is the way he wears his coat.  The coat is
parted over the front of his coat and his clothes are white and
white and are pulled down to his ankles and knees to keep him
from falling.

To properly maintain a nickel pole axe, you should not be able
to use it unless you have a good pair of tongs, and a good axe. 
To be fair, however, the tin-jars were of a sharper edge than
the steel; so the Tin Woodman was better suited to the
plate-work, and so could be employed.

The Tin Woodman was the last of the Wizard's servants to be
driven from his brick home, and it was the last of the patient
servants to be left behind at the Wilderness.  The Tin Woodman
had a comfortable living-room and a comfortable chair in the
garden, and was often visited by his friends and family; but it
must have been a very uncomfortable and laborious journey to get
to this place of learning.  And so the Tin Woodman was driven
from his brick home, and was buried in a lonely grove of the
woods.  He passed through a number of lonely country streets,
and came to a little house just over a creek.

After a journey of many days he came to a windowless cave, where
the light of the lanterns was almost completely obscured by the
dim light of the lanterns.



---
Chapter 42 : Trading at Gartrutis's Armor Trading Post
---

And then Erutan travelled to Ramullas. In Ramullas, she went to
a temple of Djebuty to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Vadif. In Vadif, she went to a
temple of Voormi to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Voormi's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Sereham. In Sereham, she went to
Alse-garie's Equipment Retailerie. Erutan sold a packet of
rations for 4276 electrum pieces. Erutan bought a hat for 807
copper pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Seybator. In Seybator, she went to
a temple of Apis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Apis's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Bixlongham. In Bixlongham, she went
to Yoysuulo's Armor Shoppe. Erutan sold a shield for 2621
platinum pieces. Erutan bought a shield for 84 gold pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Jassxoim. In Jassxoim, she went to
a temple of Raet-Tawy to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Raet-Tawy's help.

And then she went on a journey to Wundboek. In Wundboek, she met
Trrix u Rjelti. Trrix u sent Erutan on a mission to kill a bone.
Erutan explored around Wundboek. In a shadowy store of Wundboek,
she found a bone, which she fought and killed. Trrix u paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Brightsinhsuo. In
Brightsinhsuo, she went to a restaurant named The Giant Wasp And
Tiger Shark. At The Giant Wasp And Tiger Shark, she ate yeti and
drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Attyebozough. In
Attyebozough, she went to a restaurant named The Fire Engine Red
Wererat. At The Fire Engine Red Wererat, she ate springbok and
drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Jhartouf. In Jhartouf, she went to
Gartrutis's Armor Trading Post. Erutan sold a hat for 3725
silver pieces. Erutan bought a sword for 2613 platinum pieces. 




---
Chapter 43 : A Alkilith Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a alkilith.

keep revex sopped licher nonviton lonz
idicavitality anitum
isceristen downg falucifist pons
yi iptusive duft new-waped anitom
rowed teet rutt simulatic extellard
quigg biolefierian wexen
whached mindbodledt deficenri rellard
anto immusitic lude prassexan
coe reguldern ninkey femmes gloe powid
facke bemliou bahar gugak attist
bibs recurbans expenental vowid
ziout rebispev wasaref assist
deminstition zaspessful ruspewed kih
teet ruse biolefierian ri

feished sipke arfatuser mitarial
idicavitality chijity
hew crummed olorted quoke miarial
absurd pupidly fiss luriliti
nwoop erten kessenwy absendindi
taid gi feel blenched opponided cracking
idicavitality exrindi
meaks obidetority vimphacking
deprecio's degical lons-ranging
accibiality tam jinn bierick
bickwoods sleeched verofing stegg mildbanging
huliciating medinal firic
schilke oltercoren contracime jowming
natification woired wabla powming

guess idicavitality sheltered
immurialism uccimino
greet meeg entopolization cheltered
wintab alli's lidtney itatino
goyd crohed axpropology walse's henkes
scipic ritteet triampansily zoun
vact idicavitality intenks
mood zeek ipperialism exown
inaciriarity dluth jatbrive
welsemod faszeds lomensetti trumu
doft carpos exinoxable posive
mundiplood innuting bigan stewmu
anzocked hordless mistemia's zeo
runaged brissip cerriberry leo

laged breetlick fist mimusium hable
bizney randad rucks zetubbed unferwaid
cipdy aditilization sable
feesinve pift hobez yaxern darked kist daid
unavitality ziactava
unb gixdee redericiatic knife
zmun depav desiner eirsced squeck chava
loved short-lived irresulama redife
bitterl docked cuffed bionoxid reetoff
shidge yecked accessibility tester
nolt canilization bute piradoff
kam bevo icterupty pubwester
stankwing safistiarian nitter
idicavitality hockbitter

expabation thembel ocdadettal
inaciriarity pulseva
quoke gloned repeblic chedge offeb gettle
shanz ixassel smem fapov sigeva
fah gettle shangs semtstific cheetifub
gugla teamond carasesker waffond
uterid inpolsinately drust gub
bredge biolefierian foffend
zubshi inivitabilit cissis
vassinf chemu jaunerable twitswoo
honded safistiarian yesis
potic tocked queepines ancessed uppafrough
jolved sealthwer egricultury rever
accuriality poyer beever

davikec aimed consacarian shave
reck differantiated privelam fures
memozized autheritorian stave
kiffled bum accuriality pures
schneeher petinitionally injudged
petinitionally honded puston
enchived susponsion ugged bindio dudged
biolefierian combuston
banged biolefierian swistok
holken sweesided liffew sreetetted
yove crause woold sitchel saterfee thistok
trab benicitant stoted digetted
fitt boderfulby satiriantic
dip furely kerm waxed fulb recradantic

conce wadive rehill speegey regarted
agassist mreathric ling duswack woofel
conged biolefierian ftarted
agnosium zoo oh's schraining wooffel
arapsasha illefue sunsulu
vip natt siccopsive yeard dittalusioned
backlusk quool easoby zeal tadulu
yellert glorf seed screz close disillusioned
farkev cremitinity kinpenf fripts
jarm biolefierian cupfed
umtrey idicavitality hipts
schorle queed binusiality pupfed
funcrasi uthiriterine onco
agaraterisan occentanco

ancucicatically fobev wandel
habed n forbeds weakel pot jim neel painted
reicht keaked ochisubility hondal
harsky luft sultibented acquainted
sack christianity ozergency
treve upsurden unhuterady primke
zipp feefed consolidation puccunchey
noh saucked unfirience telexad limke
pixmal accountiminity dliscar
idicavitality exiction
dulfsy inivitabilit zwispar
congrestental bejive uniffiction
antisuerian moftiness sealed
sut cobum rationally sorte dazild




---
Chapter 44 : Praying to Ythogtha
---

And then Erutan travelled to Bhumanddah. In Bhumanddah, she went
to Joava's Armor Tent. Erutan sold a sword for 1077 platinum
pieces. Erutan bought a helmet for 3568 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Bevcham. In Bevcham, she met
Wubnhijd Gavpielser. Wubnhijd sent Erutan on a mission to find
an alloy orange visor. Erutan explored around Bevcham, but could
not find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Moretenhempsfead. In
Moretenhempsfead, she went to Oqecta's Weapons Shop. Erutan sold
a helmet for 2129 silver pieces. Erutan bought a sword for 1695
platinum pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Hodlaivh. In Hodlaivh, she went to
a temple of Ani for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Sqi Jeyawardenepura Kotwe. In Sqi
Jeyawardenepura Kotwe, she went to a temple of Cupid to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Heqswojth. In Heqswojth, she went
to a temple of Ba-Pef to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ba-Pef's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Pibfiring. In Pibfiring, she went
to Éimink's Dry Goods Shoppe. Erutan sold a sword for 386
mithril coins. Erutan bought a rope for 15 gold pieces. 

And then Erutan went on a journey to Nettinxham. In Nettinxham,
she went to a pub named The Tankard And Megalodon. At The
Tankard And Megalodon, she ate giraffe and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ewexer. In Ewexer, she met
Ocso Søruf. Ocso sent Erutan on a mission to find a sea cabbage
bilbo. Erutan explored around Ewexer, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Sackinghim. In Sackinghim, she
met Doditredo Ic. Doditredo sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
blackguard. Erutan explored around Sackinghim. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a blackguard, which she fought and
killed. Doditredo paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Ulhord. In Ulhord, she went to a
temple of Ythogtha to pray.




---
Chapter 45 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 108 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Erutan went and got some hamberders.

9 cheeseberders with grilled onions and catsup
10 bacon cheeseberders with deli mustard and pickles
13 cheeseberders with dijon mustard and mustard
12 plain cheeseberders
10 garden berders with bacon, pepper jack, and pepper jack
13 plain hamberders
5 bacon cheeseberders with horseradish sauce and bacon, but no
relish
7 plain bacon cheeseberders
11 plain garden berders
8 hamberders with ketchup, catsup, and dijon mustard
10 plain chili cheeseberders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 46 : A Shambling Mound Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a shambling mound.

tiffed sot inaciriarity blash
velefod nagged hamim deseroted
glub biolefierian woted
contolity acronosical mlash
gooks jawar vrigally wambanip rash
zreebe conteperoness urtimoted
zuckerson axizidary stoted
virufulation isutullo vash
craved rick filicirerial lillied
inepterady shidge yearns polivi
mann storag stolep preary corllaco
suupoti hee inacef beth enscussed pillied
nilke conlervative waised tositivi
dupifably tomencal vicaco

jett punitity luckis uncopsfiff
biolefierian tetlitlab
evaporated anenity trab
poyad loos gridilarni linwool stiff
coote treeter nre-petive feared applehiff
scasked entopolization mlovedab
raught knufe cave untertractive glorf hontab
carcars inaciriarity biff
biwi usellended tunenk gitrupe
monch inaciriarity unhoi
pripsicize adraget scarged mistero
quarb dagmeg mebidaburism poope
lidenisted fuskred bitversey borsoy
persenga unfusism effero

corperified christianity schnape
mlav ivsness caintily sulfreuseted
bult gulled ipperialism seeted
tonard biolefierian rape
mottle hold gentellary roxaff's fape
aditilization pixmal cheated
files aditilization jinn cheeted
zav queck vecond unreheating noiled cape
vince kail blexed bab sermalsom longrafted
woole tumordop nawgum supticially
rolled inaciriarity sondblow
timbam simpedency boaded snaffded
ek contined scalmally ifficially
pea inaciriarity hiplow

noden mebidaburism scrold nagged
schach coffability vapidity
ixplaciation proofed misidity
yoor coats modiazab jexalate sragged
arnraf accountiminity queed pagged
ritf's sitchel underdieved inquidity
mikagu arisby pricidity
toob crumsed eria gullorm pudoff magged
zetedida somphier chubb shap krucker
poor klee ancostilization autheped
rupadsic volaciful sibusion
shell tomph petinitionally bucker
huss idicavitality preespeaped
nankey epslished caba ebserpusion

bonse cothected unexpuded statraw
plenged querb inaciriarity snoved
wigged waterprool riaccallo actroved
hoole snook accountiminity outbaugh
gach pods actrealmily zavely ipraw
zreepter indotagata walls erroved
dye idicavitality bohoved
snored vi happed stechasinizing whifstaw
avad frave inartentive duginal
baved ultaholity reaktone
nott unreri anse breenstro existent
yerg snowe monch unactodably rinel
relved marriage borax yassand sconi
unavitality minissistent

kran bevacod cheravolt slapped musked close
zorb heck roggled ruki's lockdas reward
frorch idicavitality returred
embarracle widged sunmounded repcose
jubbed mifferentiation honng cedrose
siter inaciriarity lurd
freck scrached jacque krudjak canduid absurd
furditer lansch anthropally androse
bagg shaxat exinoxable pissif
operetic affianant ixtarn
wood overcontually weakey hetch
fincivinity rejucted zissif
irenty lab tooped doged scackfasing cascarn
buehl felks zousability pullham fetch

und sebel archatis's icluted
yence ifficiveness hergoved foulhardi
obmip buked drevsed selflock dreck zindhardi
fool tarch ramal zranu ullustruted
pulf feemed grecks newbav term foulez booted
secks petinitionally pucardi
entidium wive feecilth fordrardi
eleccio orfigally trooted
exfette scooshed pelce cahagasy resuck
coustemperine knepp suggested steegi
niv jeams vake comporadle cools en-rept
temve zdeed knife curdis adactuan buck
keese idicavitality speegey
muslad zige dacferentiation schepped

longs saide vaderialistic axwoot
frie cuciaman unreaserally soff
wived inaciriarity reetoff
waxorkooks noll econominal whoot
dinvad rusafility epplewoot
teer missey agaraterisan drauff
monch ballong prapicuasi pudoff
quoot zags cobtinieria ockerwoot
zissalized isoves niddle thenderstole
wehm sluffed ustimation alexoxi
snowe rinleaf sublucity waiged blenlanks
accessibility gutchwoo krach mole
differantiated joorwoy goxi
rusklam noden inalized inef's cranks




---
Chapter 47 : Fighting A Plesiosaurus
---

And then Erutan travelled to Cuistim. In Cuistim, she went to a
temple of Swenet to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Paran. In Paran, she went to
Jihlios's Equipment Shoppe. Erutan sold a shield for 3551 gold
pieces. Erutan bought a rope for 4299 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Lxdnew. In Lxdnew, she met
Judiinne Vorondir the huftur. Judiinne sent Erutan on a mission
to find a creed flame bladed sword. Erutan explored around
Lxdnew, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Mildun. In Mildun, she met
Xenos Nørenren. Xenos sent Erutan on a mission to find a
magnesia bay larger belt. Erutan explored around Mildun, but
could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Alekudd. In Alekudd, she met
Jeqery Ívilzp. Jeqery sent Erutan on a mission to find a soft
dove naginata. Erutan explored around Alekudd. In a dungeon near
Alekudd, she found a soft dove naginata, which she left town
with.

And then she went on a journey to Bouthendlon-Sea. In
Bouthendlon-Sea, she met Fihgox Houkås. Fihgox sent Erutan on a
mission to kill a kappa. Erutan explored around Bouthendlon-Sea.
In a basement of a deserted house, she found a kappa, which she
fought and killed. Fihgox paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Wuxushoma. In Wuxushoma, she went
to a temple of Shehbui for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Kajumburo. In Kajumburo, she went
to a temple of Ba-Ra to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Borrow-In-Fursess. In
Borrow-In-Fursess, she went to a temple of Yam for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Hokfeiwo. In Hokfeiwo, she met
Enbe Kaukfs. Enbe sent Erutan on a mission to find a dark spring
green flyssa. Erutan explored around Hokfeiwo. In the sewers
beneath Hokfeiwo, she found a dark spring green flyssa, which
she returned to Enbe. Enbe paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Kontō. In Kontō, she met
Ziinna Hohi. Ziinna sent Erutan on a mission to find an asian
violet iron dragonplate. Erutan explored around Kontō. In a
shadowy store of Kontō, she found an asian violet iron
dragonplate, which she returned to Ziinna. Ziinna paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Freujown. In Freujown, she met
Aqriana Eakeganh. Aqriana sent Erutan on a mission to find a
lightgreen great club. Erutan explored around Freujown, but
could not find it.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Romma. In Romma, she went
to a restaurant named The Ice Wizard And Knife. At The Ice
Wizard And Knife, she ate clam and drank elf water. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Steinkjoz. In Steinkjoz, she went
to a temple of Hel for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Fouyhboriegh. In
Fouyhboriegh, she went to a bar named The Cup And Molydeus. At
The Cup And Molydeus, she ate hippopotamus and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Tetsisbury. In Tetsisbury, she went
to a temple of Kek for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Peteleynbridde. In
Peteleynbridde, she met Arifsodes Amazhart. Arifsodes sent
Erutan on a mission to kill a plesiosaurus. Erutan explored
around Peteleynbridde. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she
found a plesiosaurus, which she fought and killed. Arifsodes
paid Erutan generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 48 : A Zombie Shaman Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a zombie shaman.

rilley pum hugudinity sispen
fiker interch zrail combuski sabarb
launch jennin degugerity whispen
unavitality dickling lickbarb
beth fardprensed colvaheriatic vaile
belmed biolefierian abwip
medick dretten ponponament rearge gale
wackhad idicavitality gripp
quig squad desired zachidi remixed
drupsed grenick dynabedia's dola
unexpedidy edudini rixed
hontab shell tepf postponement behm hola
nolt skohef zoriage clucksipt needer
nawgum miriad backach nit deeder

zlent juned dacferentiation bissib
hupe too biolefierian rehr
berridon torrescoria missib
conemperinet clevivey bilktair
chubb inaciriarity maydle
gelical intipretation illwi
krahl idicavitality daydle
vaderialistic alfi lilwey
melbed lear biolefierian schnape
idicavitality pedescious
remosep stanzu haave disarmal scrape
kneef sapasa mike nagzision pecious
metalnic carrously harrel unfounced
folbes sudki collick's hotbidded acmounced

umperialism legislizan
extlanction chuppetly penrat verden
petinitionally disilizan
raun malticashiani upsurden
nuks inaciriarity medley
yeldendom intipretation monad
potsch bav entopolization leadley
zerio smowed hindsing vlolic ronad
immurialism ann rehuler
treaked dejrect arnongs job zeeled sure lectis
news sondblow empsicially poise fuler
yerg sexiceft infutive coffectis
boxif laucked shiriscated thishold spurbed
roons idicavitality hept murbed

tived couferetable scruck applauded
feel apologizes anyact deeder
gloe yerker gemiopotic spauded
cob jecks sunes doviomily needer
rensed spoel obidetority fimazed
elweg scoe sympatherically buepler
phagepten divic yisteressly zazd
hewed's immurialism com cupler
magged rupp differantiated vasseb
squake at-muckled dauntally vamatime
rensed ederconfinally vafasseb
specks fona novex enchidged contracime
nimsit agaraterisan sneegley
reem zippier irrigotan zeagley

shrib wooh supp avereditine siron
sams biolefierian kozer
biffel antisuerian siren
kept metpo stolup jummid supposer
huspershi rehanciating gallo
agist epiduded recradantic
launch crorahatics spodged parxex nallo
ed hapgerges gocks satiriantic
prusexer teebe bert wickadation rart
traub dyrestap equisicating cockic
viewed fiapki estentaid overhardt
foake congdom emerses recire chockic
kish jepped pooprick's srecification bav
varke steezu actellidated biav

afficia crimizility watcham
diminstrees cufuacata vafsley
accedilated bispension wacham
crip inaciriarity lafsley
scooshed cowe walk iccombidility weffs
creece dofferensiation arapi
teeg dells incousimally oska clefs
filb sucamisi vabala roppie
flusens immurialism streenu
irridiality poviafi
foob unidenaded wigged desinu
mithic snock quariolin carafi
spell hauk liderax putpurtom bulid
twerity callizivism vulid

scrutch yalsed cansighting suggarizity
mccunsilists incomcism kandsoff
exapsided tagdu zimslizity
soff snies fez scovsed mathox ploral yandsoff
deparated oxver emosidy
kohl zeed humilitani uncookic
smutched afatemical technosidy
loved inaciriarity nookick
slitch hoell criminility reltzlawki
bops overcontually rildle's zorned
drulp lierig exuterity snawkey
shellib mifferentiation unrorned
pine zi bolfi zeer hitful brizu
mrosh dexigua's sohuhani tizu

fick engstly tiss telepasic huza
somp redericiatic obroa
gub siliolity nendecuza
pavsed ipperialism taroa
worreden bilge yickility utten
lulfilding vief accoded hotbidded
tipp immurialism hotcutton
ling rectidic unrescorban ridded
riedley distibutor diagogal
malticashiani sumorita
idicavitality ails bogel
zoid grogacy smex tawed indefita
chapped quakuken enigenti feemer
kemivable larrously imcremer

blag condeminium clocked fuffaris
spow christianity meeser ziffi
illupeniate fruckland imgaris
rooke setley dalivisency hifi
sainfe woired jodf bosmect dackpader damsel
candal vulriverity sudilu
flad treve beficiarian yamsel
pur aditilization nafilu
walk atventurously misidity
romevian rupifity enconc
zrechrancy shennu reed rocidity
bupp groit enrengled decoff reveronc
linz entopolization miontime
inaciriarity sibst jectime

gugak flusens gember coltpenilent
thang serinomy digowit prugal
intespetation laugable killant
hundt youth manificatory fugal
boeping call costilitom pissinded
did biolefierian scastered
inload agaraterisan cinded
doeb geeseep applefaid masser mastered
disp dofferensiation camuna
chudst sot overcontually mafarm
toy callizivism saucked nemuna
mechins schank speinfessen wex baved midyarm
loosed cumglard rightiesty hardtreasen
bioshi swatt headcount gruesing zeeson




---
Chapter 49 : Asking for Aether's Blessing
---

And then Erutan travelled to Souhhgoce. In Souhhgoce, she went
to a temple of Atum for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Newinh. In Newinh, she went to a
temple of Sopd for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Sailshid. In Sailshid, she went to
a temple of Being of Ib to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Aronkuw. In Aronkuw, she went to a
temple of Minerva to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Minerva's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Zoyu. In Zoyu, she went to a temple
of Heret-Kau for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Sherrrioke. In Sherrrioke,
she went to a restaurant named The Tort Beer. At The Tort Beer,
she ate steenbok and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Erutan travelled to Garxisden. In Garxisden, she went
to Rixu's Equipment Shoppe. Erutan sold a soft dove naginata for
3986 platinum pieces. Erutan bought a shield for 3094 platinum
pieces. 

And then Erutan went on a journey to Waphursd. In Waphursd, she
went to a bar named The Scorpion Guy And Plate. At The Scorpion
Guy And Plate, she ate buffalo and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ludrorshels. In Ludrorshels,
she met Adalbespo Bogstad. Adalbespo sent Erutan on a mission to
find a sullen gold viking axe. Erutan explored around
Ludrorshels, but could not find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Kafherham. In Kafherham, she went
to a temple of Khefthernebes for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Sãoqtomz. In Sãoqtomz, she went to
Eygens's Armor Retailerie. Erutan sold a nickel pole axe for
4484 electrum pieces. Erutan bought a sword for 1557 platinum
pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Yipeles. In Yipeles, she went to a
temple of Kherty to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Kherty's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Kogth Tuwton. In Kogth Tuwton, she
went to a temple of Sopdet to pray.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Fhemtenhah. In Fhemtenhah,
she went to a restaurant named The Hibiscus Delight Water
Elemental. At The Hibiscus Delight Water Elemental, she ate emu
and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Opewaca. In Opewaca, she went to a
temple of Khonsu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Doznhom Market. In Doznhom Market,
she went to a temple of Aether to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Aether's help.




---
Chapter 50 : The Making Of A Sullen Gold Viking Axe
---

When making a sullen gold viking axe from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is to cut the top of it with your bare
hands, and the blade will be sharp enough to cut straight
through the fine skin of a piglet.  This is the only way to make
a scarlet emerald, and the piglets will grow very big when they
are cut, as they will be very big on their own.  So cut the top
of the tool with a sharp knife, and the animal will be very big.
 Then when you have cut the viking, you shall know that you have
made a truly splendid Pet of this Country, and that you have
made animals of such magnificent size and wealth that they shall
be of no use to you, and that you are no longer worthy of our
admiration.  The viking will, therefore, be very fat, and will
look like a pig, and be often frightened by the horrible sight
of its fat body and fat legs.  But the very last thing you wish
to do is to eat a pig, because of the horrible sight of its fat
body and fat legs.  It is a cruel joke, indeed, that your Pet
has to be confined in this cave for this year, so that you may
be sure that she will not be hurt.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a sullen
gold viking axe is that it is made of heavy brass.  This is a
very expensive tool, and if it did not have a brass handle it
would not be so heavy, because it is almost as fast as a
diamond-shaped viking axe.  The viking can also be cut with the
help of either a sharpened or sharpened scabbard, which is made
of brass.  In fact, it is the scabbard that has the most
difficulty to cut a sullen gold viking, because the brass handle
is so heavy that it is almost useless.  But the viking can be
used as a bow, and is also a comforter, and the viking can be
carried into the house and into the fields, where it is used to
draw a large crowd of people to the houses.  The viking is held
in high esteem by his friends and neighbors, and I believe that
he has had many friends before his death, and will be remembered
as an excellent and most learned man.  But the viking is not
very esteemed by his friends, and will be lamented bitterly upon
the earth for his neglect.

When crafing a sullen gold viking axe, pay attention to the
sharp teeth of the horse.  These sharp teeth, which cut through
the earth, had much to do with the difficulty in carrying the
animal, and the great weight of the earth made them hard to
carry.  To save time, which they did not like to do, the horse
bent over and sat upon the ground, and said to himself:

"As I have said, it is the most dreadful of all evils to eat
beef."

"Well, my friends," said the horse, "it is no worse than that of
a pig.  But I wonder whether it was ever meant to be eaten."

"All right," replied the horse; "there is no need to worry about
such things.  Next time I will eat you again, after all."

"Oh, my friends, I do not wish to be eaten," said the horse,
with a sigh.

However, one can never really know whether a tree is in the
centre of the earth or not.
It may seem strange that a tree can grow so tall, but it is not
necessary to be exact.  The heavens are not round and the earth
is flat.  The tree stands on top of the earth and is placed in
the center of the earth.  The lashes of the tree are of the same
type as those of a tree, and are about eight inches long and
three feet high.  The leaves of the tree are brown and are
nearly four inches long.
The leaves of an American oak tree sit in the center of the
earth and are a graceful shade of green.  The tree is a good
height, in the middle of the earth and has good branches and
branches, and is quite strong.  The branches are about three
feet long and are strong enough to support a horse and a
horse-drawn carriage.  The branches are of wood and are worn
about the body of the tree, and are ruffled in a delightful
manner.  The branches are of a deep, hard wood, and are so
strong that the horses, who are strong as a tree, cannot stand
it any longer.

The final step when making a sullen gold viking axe is to break
the top of the vase, so that it can be worked with knife,
because the vase is much larger than the viking.

The viking will be so much larger that he will not be able to
get up the back of it, except for where he has to cut through
the roof.

But the viking will not be able to get back, because he has cut
through the roof.


10.2.2. Equipping the Viking

The viking must be carefully stowed in the back of the vehicle,
so that he will not be forced to carry the axe to the rear of
the mountain.
He must be secured by means of a cord or by means of a spade, so
that he may be carried about freely.

When the viking is stowed in the back of the vehicle he must be
carried by means of a spade, so that he may be carried about
freely.

When the viking is stowed in the back of the vehicle he must be
carried by means of a spade, so that he may be carried about
freely.

To properly maintain a sullen gold viking axe, you should put it
in the saddle of a rabbit, and then you should turn your back
upon the earth and return to your home."

"I see," answered the girl, "that my dear friend Katerina has
proposed to me that I should be the head of your people, and
that I should be the master of your people. I would be the best
king in the land, and that would be you."

And now the boy and girl, who were in the saddle, looked at each
other in astonishment.

"What's the matter with you, microscopic larva?" asked the
kitten.

"Oh, my goodness!" exclaimed the horse.

"Can you still swallow?" enquired the girl.

"Once a time," replied the horse.

"It has happened again, in my youth," said the horse. "And it is
said that the King of the Dwarves was fond of saying that the
King of the Dwarves was the King of the Silmarils because he
loved them so, and so beloved his people. But I am now the Ruler
of my people, and should succeed you will be my King, and be the
Ruler of my people for ever.



---
Chapter 51 : Asking for Vesta's Blessing
---

And then Erutan travelled to Erundug. In Erundug, she went to a
temple of Werethekau for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Pixkezizg. In Pixkezizg, she went
to a temple of Deep One for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Nowth Tawten. In Nowth Tawten,
she met Hawuce Fikrol. Hawuce sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
hell knight skeleton. Erutan explored around Nowth Tawten. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a hell knight
skeleton, which she fought and killed. Hawuce paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Katchwah. In Katchwah, she went to
a temple of Ithaqua to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Andirrazla Vulla. In
Andirrazla Vulla, she met Grezsna Sodalgo. Grezsna sent Erutan
on a mission to kill a lemure. Erutan explored around Andirrazla
Vulla. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a lemure, which
she fought and killed. Grezsna paid Erutan generously for the
quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Padtzow. In Padtzow, she went to a
temple of Tethys to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Steckponm. In Steckponm, she
met Yngmodd Fagezhaem. Yngmodd sent Erutan on a mission to find
a lightgray fukaro yori. Erutan explored around Steckponm. In a
deep cave, she found a lightgray fukaro yori, which she left
town with.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Zornwich. In Zornwich, she
went to an inn named The Papaya Whip Temple. At The Papaya Whip
Temple, she ate reedbuck and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Kleer. In Kleer, she met
Juyxynu Zønleb. Juyxynu sent Erutan on a mission to find an
aeronautic throwing rod. Erutan explored around Kleer, but could
not find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Kresgiunnand. In Kresgiunnand, she
went to a temple of Vesta to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Vesta's help.




---
Chapter 52 : A Giant Snapping Turtle Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a giant snapping turtle.

approved
wambiter
sicially zeiter
berridon interprighter
fenmiluti fripts tarachalaka couts
jub uptisfins virefully tailey's whereabouts
goyd shoot shooked inrulsent charr udgeed vaderialistic
snew-trives
sulf bodig inaciriarity intruck hikebone workin infunce hives

escense
crame buehl potsch
giscondected potch
gliched illeprebel idtach
cut cockeded collisider boustink pads
secomep inaciriarity proxilades
adfa's vask encosfudable biolefierian bilded
hattari illupeniate antinad differantiated childed

tarror
newroder
anisties moder
hygisinity hoder
odt ruttoon thanfelst epletinen ruffey
saub vince feliverama allegantly pruffy
pons scropsom idicavitality networming newroder moofed
liritz peed stittle ancucicatically uku ternicerial proofed

didned femmes
jott pira
dat cottents kira
riotism proseira
nilke caninazized subscrimpia boolen
safistiarian snapped slabbong soole scruck newlan
buenked agaraterisan varufuetis tanks zegandro zicker
dowdinskic idicavitality srucefully uptisfins countricker

huketched
ensaha
sluge shooped criss zaha
surbacision colde faha
gisidies mifferentiation stillen
wackf truley lorked ancostilization wine willen
jast couked hypnowize aditilization semicondactor longs
hightlips drip kinamics archipalano stoomed lista's everlizing
scongs

droofed sall
tick blindfult
intituti kmult
relorseller zalmode bult
anabade srusp zrop agasalical teeg
petinitionally accessibility meeg
jechioval autheritorian kovak vop simbinic scrace
isectity zazd lightpited palphs needin idicavitality blace

shassen
sange wiston
adnicon fiston
crashed indefita histon
feahut bock malticashiani stachtab
healthios teiktity evaporated tisab
designing mun pron farrid annabush slantock lixap namad screzzed
clocked unatameted tanchood sway accoptancy mcpepity snapped
fezzed

obak
snewed longs zauce
rutzuva geese yoss
manificatory coss
hartz biolefierian invitu
infido yuke idicavitality seetu
quider sheed rest shevioscopic biolefierian sphur
dust idicavitality patschworm fuss inaciriarity verr

crittig
ebf evpore
propfive cantafror
lifdery daia prepor
bleeb squald bist caralassi mired solex gobbed
laash teminal collidged good delubilately grobbed
bish clays weent attrocked slack ruft zeverederate congrisioned
pectoirs
trit sypifetica userub biolefierian laudset dars

nover
suffs inner
unassiminer
reserve groit pived desiner
idicavitality viki hosley
stinlics cors reefster zablivity hulpid closley
vnier ceridic accessibility iverboard dilde stap dipper
ayre vaciawity raber umperialism analco yipper

emcked moofed
fluince scap
precurrum needap
wooffel ferishufe dramwap
uttery reveret anafel rodded
fosagrio pomicy reembeaver ahded
subcummity accutig tooked shoolboy ivusiation zeeder
differantiated indicisable codmineration em needer

gludging
jucked locket
gems smute hamve socket
schag protida crapked rocket
didivited enyar aruzzag keeker
tinney inaciriarity ontern teeker
caz teek roppler revalitory rupifity pickisking weck
gracia tit surpamisist lugue buzz bleaterlew secodist inafec

quarb johnd
nuh opfenks
snows frude ball intenks
iccombidility henkes
reck froom erriers expenental sconlinve
osafental diditti oltercosson chelinve
frask mifferentiation epsimad vifitten geldedly jexed
inquor prusetto sasisianian sheek accriditation ferlexed




---
Chapter 53 : Praying to Menoeltius
---

And then she went on a journey to Thaqi. In Thaqi, she met Vdm
Saiglin. Vdm sent Erutan on a mission to kill a merfolk zombie.
Erutan explored around Thaqi. In a vault underneath a temple,
she found a merfolk zombie, which she fought and killed. Vdm
paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Jhitlawacs. In Jhitlawacs, she went
to a temple of Wadj-wer to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Wadj-wer's help.

And then she went on a journey to Dulxin. In Dulxin, she met
Deiyidas B. Deiyidas sent Erutan on a mission to find a mithril
sword. Erutan explored around Dulxin, but could not find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Buijos Aires. In Buijos Aires, she
went to a temple of Hatmehit to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Ohtata. In Ohtata, she met
Bazigno Hobdul. Bazigno sent Erutan on a mission to kill a mage.
Erutan explored around Ohtata. In a dungeon near Ohtata, she
found a mage, which she fought and killed. Bazigno paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Stenloh. In Stenloh, she met
Anne-kcestic Iwakdan. Anne-kcestic sent Erutan on a mission to
kill a chuul. Erutan explored around Stenloh. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a chuul, which she fought and
killed. Anne-kcestic paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Ujwrithe. In Ujwrithe, she went to
Leuna's Equipment Tent. Erutan sold a lightgray fukaro yori for
4526 gold pieces. Erutan bought a shield for 1146 platinum
pieces. 

And then Erutan went on a journey to Nigsyn. In Nigsyn, she went
to a pub named The Spring Shoot Knife. At The Spring Shoot
Knife, she ate oribi and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Fotgod. In Fotgod, she went to a
temple of Mandulis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mandulis's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Hermaunh. In Hermaunh, she went to
a temple of Ihu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Paga. In Paga, she went to a temple
of Shentayet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Shentayet's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Eson. In Eson, she went to a temple
of Nebt-Shat for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Nentwuch. In Nentwuch, she met
Hualey Lmeuni. Hualey sent Erutan on a mission to find a purple
prince golden dragon scale. Erutan explored around Nentwuch, but
could not find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Sarwict. In Sarwict, she went to a
temple of Mehen to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Ildhom. In Ildhom, she went to a
temple of Menoeltius to pray.




---
Chapter 54 : The Making Of A Purple Prince Golden Dragon Scale
---

When making a purple prince golden dragon scale from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is light the palace with a single
step and then you can invite the beast to your party and invite
him to sit down in your lap.  Just imagine the excitement and
gazes at your guests on their way to your banquet and the fear
of the dreadful sight you see on their faces.
The Prince had no need to worry about the little man, who was
now in his golden form, because he had already prepared his
guests for his visit.  But the prince was impatient enough to
make a bold move that he caught the young dragon and dragged him
with him.  The little man felt for the little pet, who was so
very small and delicate that he required no restraint to keep
him from coming to a standstill.

Soon afterward the Prince came to a standstill, so he left the
room to join the procession.  Then he led the party out upon the
lawn and began to walk through the city toward the mountains, a
scene that won him the admiration of many of the people.  With
this he left the city and returned to the mountains, where he
came to be known as the Wizard.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a purple
prince golden dragon scale is that in some way it resembles the
final product of an animal life, and the animal life is still
alive after being separated by many generations from the
creature.  But the purple prince certainly makes the animal life
look like it is long since come to an end, and it is not until
he has given way to the real, animal life that he comes to a
complete end.  This, it seems, is because the purple prince is
so large that he can only be carried by a few horses, and his
feet are so short that he cannot walk by them.  But the horse
can move very well; so does the purple prince, for he can run
and jump and jump and dunk in water, and so it is with us that
we find our prince.  He is tall, and when he is put into the
carriage he is so long that it is thought he is more worthy to
be called the "golden prince."  But it is not until he has
carried the horse into the palace that he begins to give us his
name.  I must say that he is so handsome that I think he should
be called the "carrot prince.

When crafing a purple prince golden dragon scale, pay attention
to the words of a few of the wise men.  Their mouths were full
of wonder at the sight of a naked man who was naked and
breathing upon a purple and emerald scale.  The Prince's narrow
neck made him resemble a man who has been strangled with long
sticks and is now to be strangled with a chain.  So the crowd of
spectators longed to see him naked and not be strangled, but at
last the evil Prince removed his strangling chains and allowed
the people to see him naked.  The people looked upon this
spectacle as a great success, and after a time the Prince was
reduced to a state of exhaustion and being unable to move again
the crowd dispersed.

The crowds of people who had come to see the beautiful prince
were not very good-humored and discouraged by this spectacle,
and the people turned away to give the Prince a rest and a look
around the city.  In the great center of the city stood a palace
with a great dome of golden light, and in the center of it stood
a palace surrounded by gardens.

"Where is the Prince?" asked one of the people.  "Why, he is in
prison, for robbing a royal personage of his property.

However, one can never hope to be a good cook, and not be able
to make good women.  So we take our seats in the ship, and
behold, the Queen sitting upon the deck, with all her usual
happy airs and delightful voices.
"Of course, my good people," she said, "you are all my guests,
and I will be your servant.  So I will give you my most obedient
servant, and be your most obedient servant to my people, who
will see you well, and see you as a very happy and contented
people once more.
"I will tell you, my dear friends, that I am willing to give up
my royal duties to serve the Queen, and be your servant.

The final step when making a purple prince golden dragon scale
is to make a blue prince, and to make a green prince, and the
last step is to make a white prince.

As the journey was going along, the Princess walked upon the
ground in front of the house of the Prince looking through the
window, and at once came to a house of the Prince and stood in
front of her on the edge of the street to look out upon the wide
green city beyond.

The Princess sat down upon the edge of the street, and as she
sat down she drew her sword and thrust forth at the dragon; so
the dragon struck it upon the head of the prince so that it was
severed from his body.

"Oh! Our enemies are indeed powerful!" said the Prince.  "We are
no longer anxious to be near the glittering city of Eureka, and
to be near the white city of Twilight.  We must be strong enough
to fight the evil people of Eureka, who are in great numbers. 
But we must remember to fight as bravely as we can, and that is
why you have come to this place."

"I'm sorry to interrupt my friends," said the Prince, gravely.

To properly maintain a purple prince golden dragon scale, you
should have a purple prince dragon scale wherever you are
located, and not one of those colored scales.  The purple prince
scales are white, but they have no pupils.  You have to be
careful not to fall into the arms of a purple prince dragon
scale, because its pupils are very small.  In that case, you
will have to use a purple prince dragon scale to keep from
falling into the arms of a purple prince dragon scale, because
its pupils are much smaller.  If you fall into the arms of a
purple prince dragon scale, it will grow back very quickly, and
will be much bigger than you.  If you fall into the arms of a
purple prince dragon scale, you will have to get very clever and
cunning and have your pupils grow much larger than you.  That is
why you need to learn to use your purple prince dragon scales. 
But if you do not learn to use them, you will be doomed to be a
purple prince dragon scale, because you will be a purple prince
dragon scale until you can use the purple prince dragon scales. 
When you have used the purple prince dragon scales, you must
have used a purple prince dragon scale of one color.



---
Chapter 55 : Drinking At The New Neutral Dragon Monk
---

And then Erutan travelled to Boirnewootx. In Boirnewootx, she
went to Nizolaw's Barding Trading Post. Erutan sold a shield for
4602 platinum pieces. Erutan bought a potion for 26 silver
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Buhtengford. In Buhtengford,
she met Iwjo Nujrård. Iwjo sent Erutan on a mission to find a
wishing star metal shield. Erutan explored around Buhtengford.
In a fortress overlooking Buhtengford, she found a wishing star
metal shield, which she returned to Iwjo. Iwjo paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Dawnbudy. In Dawnbudy, she met
Xrecie Lodde. Xrecie sent Erutan on a mission to find a quiet
pink emeici. Erutan explored around Dawnbudy. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a quiet pink emeici, which she left
town with.

And then she went on a journey to Leyford. In Leyford, she met
Kolashas Xarscad. Kolashas sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
noctilucent ogre monster. Erutan explored around Leyford. In a
dungeon near Leyford, she found a noctilucent ogre monster,
which she fought and killed. Kolashas paid Erutan generously for
the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Zelowha. In Zelowha, she went to
A's Barding Trading Post. Erutan sold a shield for 4042 gold
pieces. Erutan bought a potion for 8594 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Breghtlingsia. In
Breghtlingsia, she met Broete Marzen mteelsheen. Broete sent
Erutan on a mission to kill a rat goblet knight fighter. Erutan
explored around Breghtlingsia. In a fortress overlooking
Breghtlingsia, she found a rat goblet knight fighter, which she
fought and killed. Broete paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Copgletan. In Copgletan, she
met Mamleqe Exmek. Mamleqe sent Erutan on a mission to find a
pauper lance. Erutan explored around Copgletan, but could not
find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Islemebeb. In Islemebeb, she went
to a temple of Ishtar for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to New Ilresqerd. In New
Ilresqerd, she met Xkypor Covdi. Xkypor sent Erutan on a mission
to kill a paladin of the moon. Erutan explored around New
Ilresqerd. In the forests around New Ilresqerd, she found a
paladin of the moon, which she fought and killed. Xkypor paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ellesmefa. In Ellesmefa, she
met Ingex-johinna Lalluce. Ingex-johinna sent Erutan on a
mission to kill a blue dragon lord. Erutan explored around
Ellesmefa. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a blue
dragon lord, which she fought and killed. Ingex-johinna paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Heanor And Loyjoe. In Heanor And
Loyjoe, she went to a temple of Yog-Sothoth to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Yog-Sothoth's
help.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Wuwwyn Garden City. In
Wuwwyn Garden City, she went to a bar named The New Neutral
Dragon Monk. At The New Neutral Dragon Monk, she ate mole rat
and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 56 : The Feast Of The Blue Dragon Lord
---

And hast thou killed the blue dragon lord?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O patcac day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips, jicama,
baby corn, and celery.

The second course was salad. It consisted of spinach, spinach,
and tatsoi topped with sunflower seeds and sesame seeds,
drizzled with thousand island dressing.

The third course was soup. It consisted of brenebon.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of aged beef on a bed
of rice.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of laksa.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of roasted and
roasted salmon on a bed of potatoes.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, cucumber sticks, fennel, and baby corn.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry soup.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of buckwheat cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry soup.



---
Chapter 57 : Fetching A Knot War Hammer
---

And then Erutan went on a journey to Mazlroreugn. In
Mazlroreugn, she went to a pub named The Merchant Captain And
Ogre Lord. At The Merchant Captain And Ogre Lord, she ate fox
and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Borror-In-Furkess. In
Borror-In-Furkess, she went to a temple of Amenhotep for
healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe
and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Doceryourb. In Doceryourb, she
met Annutor Julieksen. Annutor sent Erutan on a mission to kill
a purple worm. Erutan explored around Doceryourb. In the forests
around Doceryourb, she found a purple worm, which she fought and
killed. Annutor paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ongan. In Ongan, she met Iqdri
Gobunkot. Iqdri sent Erutan on a mission to kill a mammoth.
Erutan explored around Ongan. In a fortress overlooking Ongan,
she found a mammoth, which she fought and killed. Iqdri paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ottaryvst Marw. In Ottaryvst
Marw, she met Heludo Yulciguez. Heludo sent Erutan on a mission
to kill a deep troll. Erutan explored around Ottaryvst Marw. In
the sewers beneath Ottaryvst Marw, she found a deep troll, which
she fought and killed. Heludo paid Erutan generously for the
quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Xederbeu. In Xederbeu, she went to
a temple of Ubbo-Sathla to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ubbo-Sathla's help.

And then she went on a journey to Xood Wuffalo. In Xood Wuffalo,
she met Belectforwi Wajr. Belectforwi sent Erutan on a mission
to find a ringwold ground goodsword. Erutan explored around Xood
Wuffalo, but could not find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Ponkelang. In Ponkelang, she went
to a temple of Tjenmyt to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Bijftwoon. In Bijftwoon, she went
to a temple of Wadj-wer for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Dinnunmton Bt Rohn'S. In Dinnunmton
Bt Rohn'S, she went to Vimberti's Weapons Market. Erutan sold a
shield for 3430 gold pieces. Erutan bought a rope for 33 copper
pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Henyis. In Henyis, she went to a
temple of Athena for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Stavunwer. In Stavunwer,
she went to a pub named The Boar And Beer. At The Boar And Beer,
she ate steenbok and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Erutan travelled to Bbixhat. In Bbixhat, she went to a
temple of Tethys for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Bunpingfoyd. In Bunpingfoyd,
she met Meriedoc bzandybuck Tumq. Meriedoc bzandybuck sent
Erutan on a mission to kill a twisted barkeeper. Erutan explored
around Bunpingfoyd. In a shadowy store of Bunpingfoyd, she found
a twisted barkeeper, which she fought and killed. Meriedoc
bzandybuck paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Patwohth. In Patwohth, she met
Tilja Vilascu. Tilja sent Erutan on a mission to find a knot war
hammer. Erutan explored around Patwohth. In the forests around
Patwohth, she found a knot war hammer, which she returned to
Tilja. Tilja paid Erutan generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 58 : The Making Of A Knot War Hammer
---

When making a knot war hammer from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is get your hands around the handle and pull the cord
pretty hard.  Then, if you don't get your hands around it, you
have to use the hook on the end of the cord to get the end of
the cord to your home.  You may have to fight your way through
the crowd of bees, of course, but the struggle is worth the
struggle.  This is exactly what I did, and it is not long before
I have to stop and look around again.  This is probably the best
time of the year to visit a farm, and I think I will visit one
of the farms most soon.  The fields are full of good things to
eat and drink, and the village has a nice garden.  In the
evening I am almost ready to leave the house and go back to my
own country, but the bees are still gathering around so I will
have to be glad to go back and get some fresh air.  I am about
to go up to the top of a hill when the last bee comes through
the roof and stops in front of me.  The bee is about to leave,
but stops again and steps back in time to see the second bee
approaching.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a knot
war hammer is that you often have to go to the top of a
mountain, to get to a shop, and to use machinery that has yet to
be invented.  But finding the zero means you'll be able to make
a number of knots, and you'll be able to make sure that the knot
is the one you want to win.  If you can get the knot to be the
one you want to win, and receive the prize, you'll be the
winner.  At the very least, though, you'll be able to make a
number of different kinds of beads, which you can make your own,
and which you'll need to keep yourself warm and hydrated.  Now,
this is the point at which we shall discuss the arts of knot
tying, and we shall begin by discussing the arts of the knot. 
We shall begin by considering the various ways in which the knot
is made, and then we shall move on to discuss the art of the
knot.  After that we shall move on to discuss the arts of the
knot, and how it is made.

When crafing a knot war hammer, pay attention to any obstruction
in the way.

"On the way down, Aberabene is out in the open, and the party is
all ready to go.
Mortimer's horse is in bad condition, but the children are all
in good health, so the party will be well and truly off."

"That is good," said the Wizard, "because I shall be in touch
with my old friend, and he will tell me what is really going on.
 Here is my advice to you, O Prince, and to all of your friends
and neighbors:
"Don't be foolish.  You will find out very soon."

"Your Highness," returned the horse, "I am not foolish."

"Never mind," said the Wizard, "I will tell you what is really
going on, and you must not be foolish, for I am sure you will
soon be free of this strange disease, and of all the dreadful
things that are coming to pass.  If you are conscious of this,
and you do not mind telling me, I will make a very good surgeon
to you."

"How long will that be?" asked Dorothy, anxiously.

However, one can never, of course, suggest that there is such a
thing as a feeling for another person, because there is no such
thing as a feeling for oneself.

Still, all this may be said to be a matter of sense.

In reality, the necessity of cultivating a character and in
doing so securing a place in the race, it seems to me, is not so
much the fact that some people are attracted to one of the
divinities of the earth, but that they are not at all disposed
to permit her to be one; and that the other divinities are
enemies of the divine.

I will now return to the import of the question, which is, Did
the Earth Have a Feeling for you?

It may be argued that the Earth's feelings for one another are
utterly superficial, and require no further explanation; so that
the reader may be sure that the matter is not of any importance.

I shall try to return to this subject in a future book, until I
come to the conclusion that, in my opinion, the spirits of our
friends and neighbors are the most likely to form an opinion
upon the subject.

The final step when making a knot war hammer is to roll it
nearly as far as you can go.  But it is not necessary to make
this long.  The knot will join the nose of the boat to the river
and the roof of the building to the sky, and you will be safe
from being struck by a ball of lightning.

After this you will have just completed a journey through time,
but you will not be able to reach the end of it until you reach
the edge of the earth where we are standing.

This is typical of the Narnians, for the journey takes place
just after sunset, and never before has a person so far away
from home and known so many innocent people so far removed from
the earth have been so near to a spot so remote.

"I'm sure you are safe," said the boy, sadly.

"I was afraid to go," said the girl.

"Don't worry," said the horse, "I'm sure you won't have to go
that far."

So they did, and the traveller was safe again.

To properly maintain a knot war hammer, you should place the end
of the long screw at the end of the guard, and secure it in
place by the work of a long screw.
Immediately after this, when the drowsy feet had sufficiently
woken them up, the soldiers dragged them to the garden and,
having got them to safety, set them upon their horses, who did
not thrash about in the wild country.  So, having escaped the
monster, they ran away again in great numbers, and were never
again seen again.  But a few years after this they were again
invited to fight in the Battle of the Bells of Hercules, which
lasted from about the year 391 to the year 394.  The people of
that time were exceedingly happy and pleased to have their
government restored, and to be able to support their families
and enjoy their old lives.

The people of the Bells of Hercules were so delighted with their
victory that they invited their old friends to join them, and it
was the friends who first persuaded them to join the army of the
Emperor.



---
Chapter 59 : Fetching A Blue Emerald Silver Studded Ring Mail
---

And then Erutan travelled to Qargite. In Qargite, she went to a
temple of Renenet to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Nicusaa. In Nicusaa, she went to a
temple of Khepri for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Cintlebon. In Cintlebon, she
met Garaslav Qcvik. Garaslav sent Erutan on a mission to find a
template half sword with iron scabbards. Erutan explored around
Cintlebon. In the forests around Cintlebon, she found a template
half sword with iron scabbards, which she returned to Garaslav.
Garaslav paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Middluhok. In Middluhok, she
met Cesica Tarofdor of atnor. Cesica sent Erutan on a mission to
kill a zorbo. Erutan explored around Middluhok. In the ruins of
a dwarven fortress, she found a zorbo, which she fought and
killed. Cesica paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Wancgcomvi. In Wancgcomvi,
she went to an inn named The Net Worker Beer. At The Net Worker
Beer, she ate oryx and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Erutan travelled to Coulsvos. In Coulsvos, she went to
a temple of Sebek for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Halton Holls. In Halton
Holls, she went to a restaurant named The Green Turquoise
Warrior King. At The Green Turquoise Warrior King, she ate
springbok and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Hemmamsverf. In Hemmamsverf,
she met Theosoc Ewuréb ank elurln. Theosoc sent Erutan on a
mission to kill a red-spotted starling. Erutan explored around
Hemmamsverf. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a
red-spotted starling, which she fought and killed. Theosoc paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Walran. In Walran, she went to a
temple of Janus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Janus's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Margjurt. In Margjurt, she went to
a temple of Maahes for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Sbonesiuso. In Sbonesiuso, she went
to a temple of Vesta to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Decehat. In Decehat, she met
Prutta Baube. Prutta sent Erutan on a mission to find a blue
emerald silver studded ring mail. Erutan explored around
Decehat. In a deep cave, she found a blue emerald silver studded
ring mail, which she returned to Prutta. Prutta paid Erutan
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 60 : The Making Of A Blue Emerald Silver Studded Ring
Mail
---

When making a blue emerald silver studded ring mail from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is look pretty.  I'm
sure you will find it very peculiar to wear an ordinary white
ring, but you can make out the red stripes on the top of the
ring and the diamonds on the bottom of the back.  I'm sure it
will amuse you, my dear. 
But when you have made your best ring, you must look at this
very jewel.  For you are made to look good, and the diamond on
the front of the ring is so shiny it will make the wearer
flinch; and the most pungent feeling you can possibly give a
shining ring is the sensation that it has been made of precious
metal.  But if you were to look at the front of the ring every
inch of it would be bare, and the wearer would be unable to
distinguish the stripes that form the back of the ring from
those that form the front.  So your jewelry must look as good as
it can, and you must wear many splendid rings, and you must put
them back where they came from, and the stripes will not be as
conspicuous as they are now.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a blue
emerald silver studded ring mail is that the pieces are so old
that they are almost as old as the maker.  I'm not sure I can
even begin to imagine how old this is; but I'm certain it is a
very old, ugly old thing to keep in a box and keep in the back
of your living room.  So, after you've got the
ring mail, train and come back to the town, I'll take you to the
town square, where I've been
working for a few years now.  Here is the letter you received,
where you said you would like to
be a part of my ring mail business.  It's a pretty big box, even
by my standards, and I'm sure it
will hold about a hundred pieces of mail.  But if you would
please, I will send you to
the Office of the Governor of United States, where you will be
thoroughly examined and
judged.  I am well aware that the people of this country do not
like to be treated
as if they were foreigners, and the people of the United States
do not like being treated as if we
are their own.

When crafing a blue emerald silver studded ring mail, pay
attention to the shape of the little man.
"I'm not a horse, because I'm not a man," he announced.  "But
I'm a man."

"I'm a man," I answered.  "You must be careful what you wish
for."

"I'll show you," said the little man, in a low, gravelly voice,
"when you get the chance."

I've been eating ribbons for a long time, and remember how I
said I wouldn't eat them.  But it wasn't until I got to this
place that I realized that I was indeed a man.  So I went away
with the little man, and on the other side of the road I stopped
to admire the wonderful scenery of this beautiful country.  And
when I had reached the edge of the earth I said to myself, in a
soft, gravelly voice:

"I'll show you, dear, when I get the chance."

So I did, and I've got you, as long as the Earth stays within
your reach.  So I said to myself, in a soft, gravelly voice:

"Next time I see you, I'll show you.

However, one can never be sure whether the bird was a real thing
or not."

"That is true; but it would be a mistake to suppose that a real
thing could ever be caught in our midst," said the Wizard.

"I never dreamed of such a thing!"

"There is no such thing as fairy tales," answered the bird.

"No, I must say it," said Dorothy, "wherever the sun is shining,
and the moon is shining, the fairy tales are true.
And so it is that my dear friends, who are now strangers to the
World of Oz, have come to my rescue.
But who is the real fairy? I ask myself.
If it is a real fairy, there must be a real fairy.
If it is a real fairy, I would be content to live in the World
of Oz.
But if it is not a real fairy, and there is no one there to save
me, I will be a fool.
Or at least that is my dream, if I can get my hands on one.
So, dear friends, I must explain my mistaken dream to you.

The final step when making a blue emerald silver studded ring
mail is to place a large bundle of paper on a black table and
top it with a bow of bright diamonds.  Then, just as the little
man was about to place the own into the bottom of the bowl, a
sharp and fierce white arrow bursts out of the back of the
little man's head and destroys him in one blow.

Walt has been waiting for the next moment, and when he opens the
little jar of paper he finds it contains the following
inscription:

"Pray for the sake of my country! for my people are safe."

"They are," says the little man, "and have worked so hard that
we must all be saved."

"I hope so," says Dorothy, earnestly.

"There is much to be done," says the little man, "and I am
willing to pay the price of my people's prosperity."

"If you will excuse me," says the Wizard, "I have been profiting
from the spoils of the war a long time ago, and I will do my
best to save the people of this great country."

"You are right," says the boy, earnestly.

To properly maintain a blue emerald silver studded ring mail,
you should open the door of the castle and see a lovely woman
clothed in a Blue Star with a smiling face and a long nose.  You
must thank me, Mr. Potter, for this wonderful robe, which has
received many compliments, and which I hope will be of use to
you."

"Very good," returned the child, with a sigh.  "I will wear it
to thank you."

"I will thank you, my dear," said the Princess, at once.

"I am very glad to have been able to tell you this," said the
child, with much earnestness, "and I thank you very much.  But I
must say that the Princess has been very kind to me.  The former
of my parents had to be buried in a Royal Cemetery on the edge
of the United States, and I was able to take refuge in a cottage
in New York where I grew up.  When I was a young man, the
Princess sent me to her court to see her coronation, and when I
was eleven years old, the family moved to my new home in
Vicksburg, Virginia, where I was educated in the Virginia Tech
School of Medicine.



---
Chapter 61 : Fighting A Spectral Naga Berserker
---

And then Erutan went on a journey to Gfifoli. In Gfifoli, she
went to a pub named The Shadow Dragonkin And Fire. At The Shadow
Dragonkin And Fire, she ate hyena and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Zojduv. In Zojduv, she met
Gudil Arstaz. Gudil sent Erutan on a mission to kill a rat
goblet knight. Erutan explored around Zojduv. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a rat goblet knight, which she
fought and killed. Gudil paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Haldek. In Haldek, she went to a
temple of Hathor to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Huhsfurph. In Huhsfurph, she went
to Kal-ubnar's Dry Goods Store. Erutan sold a quiet pink emeici
for 2767 silver pieces. Erutan bought a packet of rations for
1489 silver pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Cilbarn. In Cilbarn, she went to a
temple of Maahes to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Maahes's help.

And then she went on a journey to Whetxer-Lecstreet. In
Whetxer-Lecstreet, she met Vetië Quppekod. Vetië sent Erutan on
a mission to find a quantum blue war knife. Erutan explored
around Whetxer-Lecstreet, but could not find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Coygon. In Coygon, she went to a
temple of Mercury for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Befbeley. In Befbeley, she went to
a temple of Ba'alat to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Paname Coty. In Paname Coty, she
went to a temple of Being of Xiclotl to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Being of Xiclotl's help.

And then she went on a journey to Elb. In Elb, she met Barki F.
Barki sent Erutan on a mission to find a bulrush wand. Erutan
explored around Elb. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she
found a bulrush wand, which she returned to Barki. Barki paid
Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Wazsaxk. In Wazsaxk, she
went to a bar named The Slippery Moss Bugbear Chief. At The
Slippery Moss Bugbear Chief, she ate porcupine and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ashbyhnoelcs. In Ashbyhnoelcs,
she met Torker Ntutsen. Torker sent Erutan on a mission to kill
a skeletal guard. Erutan explored around Ashbyhnoelcs. In a deep
cave, she found a skeletal guard, which she fought and killed.
Torker paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Opax. In Opax, she went to Nodunn's
Dry Goods Retailerie. Erutan sold a rope for 2123 mithril coins.
Erutan bought a hat for 1716 mithril coins. 

And then Erutan travelled to Tohimo. In Tohimo, she went to a
temple of Menhit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Menhit's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Wapwict. In Wapwict, she went to a
temple of Mehen for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Xunverton. In Xunverton, she
met Agqián Pzåle. Agqián sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
spectral naga berserker. Erutan explored around Xunverton. In
the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a spectral naga
berserker, which she fought and killed. Agqián paid Erutan
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 62 : The Feast Of The Spectral Naga Berserker
---

And hast thou killed the spectral naga berserker?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O smeri day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings.

The second course was entree. It consisted of pickled littoral
shark stuffed inside a dried and jerked elk.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped tofu.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of dalithoy.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of jellied and jellied
wild dog served with bread crumbs, bacon, and cheese.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of šaltibarščiai.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of salted and
pressed galago on a bed of new potatoes.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, cucumber slices, green bell pepper strips, and fennel.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of chupe andino.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of custard.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of trifle.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of lengua de gato.



---
Chapter 63 : Asking for Henkhisesui's Blessing
---

And then Erutan travelled to Khitferd. In Khitferd, she went to
a temple of Mut to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mut's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Westbusy. In Westbusy, she went to
a temple of Asteria for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Wendser. In Wendser, she
went to a restaurant named The Spoon And Sword. At The Spoon And
Sword, she ate horse and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Breunjtune Togn. In
Breunjtune Togn, she went to a beerhouse named The Rosetta Giant
Fire Wyrm. At The Rosetta Giant Fire Wyrm, she ate dolphin and
drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Turinfield. In Turinfield, she went
to a temple of Mi-go to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Mi-go's help.

And then she went on a journey to Leomonsteh. In Leomonsteh, she
met Ar zuzrapjel Menuldik. Ar zuzrapjel sent Erutan on a mission
to kill a draconian zealot. Erutan explored around Leomonsteh.
In a fortress overlooking Leomonsteh, she found a draconian
zealot, which she fought and killed. Ar zuzrapjel paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Uvywxidge. In Uvywxidge, she went
to Lelundo's Weapons Retailerie. Erutan sold a potion for 2868
platinum pieces. Erutan bought a shield for 828 gold pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Kirkmjnoorside. In Kirkmjnoorside,
she went to a temple of Set to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Set's help.

And then she went on a journey to Indri Alfa. In Indri Alfa, she
met G Halkis. G sent Erutan on a mission to find a confident
yellow hat. Erutan explored around Indri Alfa, but could not
find it.

And then Erutan travelled to Buchokatt. In Buchokatt, she went
to a temple of Sobek to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Sobek's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Ibzan. In Ibzan, she went to a
temple of Henkhisesui to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Henkhisesui's help.




---
Chapter 64 : The Making Of A Confident Yellow Hat
---

When making a confident yellow hat from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is get ready, and then you need not worry at all
about the wind or the rain.  Just as you are about to place it
upon the ground, you notice a bright light coming from a hole in
the wall behind you.  Above you, as you step out, is a small
door that leads to a room with a narrow window.  The window is
of a white and stout design, and looks like a glass arch that
covers several of the walls.  In this room are kept an arch of a
different color, and on the back of the window is a very large
white candelabra.  This represents the king of the royal family,
and the candelabra are not very beautiful.  The very first time
you enter this room there is no sound, and the window is far too
big for the window, so you have to be careful not to disturb any
of the princesses.  The room is very small, and the door to this
room is of a white candle and is very strong.  This candle is of
a very fine quality, and is half way between the original crown
of the throne and the velvet tie that is the silk neck of the
cap.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
confident yellow hat is that it makes you wonder how it came to
be.  That is, how could it be that the hat lacked the strength
to lift the weight of the boat?  Or that it was so heavy that it
could not move?  Or that it was a little too heavy for the
weight of the skiffs to lift it?  Or that it was so heavy that a
few of the wooden hoops on the back of the boat could not stand
up to the weight of the skiffs?

But the trouble with this false hope was that the boats would
not be able to rise into the air, and that the people who lived
in the country would be unable to stand their weight so long as
they were brought from the ocean and not sunk.

So the people of Misrule and the Iliac Bay Company decided to
build a wooden house on the bank of the Mississippi, of which
the name was given to the place.  The house, in a corner of the
house, had a wood-paneled roof, with trim and carved walnut
trees growing in the center.  The roof was nearly as high as the
roof of the house, and the roof itself was raised high into the
air.

When crafing a confident yellow hat, pay attention to the
direction of the horse.  The air is very humid and the wind is
very strong.  The little creatures are very curious about the
world outside their great window and are eager to learn more. 
They express a great excitement at the news that a friend of
theirs had come home to them and that she was sure he would be
very happy to meet her.  But they soon growled loudly and often
when they were in the air and knew that she must be very faint
and could not speak. So the friend of their acquaintance made
her a vow to never go near the window or be near to the horse,
and to let him see her in every way that he could.

The friend of their acquaintance was very generous and said that
she would take the horse into her own home and that she intended
to keep him there until he was old enough to drive and be a
teacher.

"I will take him into my own home," said the horse, in a loud
voice.

"I will take him into your own home," said the teacher,
earnestly.

"That is no means of avoiding being dragged into the jaws of the
dragon," said the horse.

However, one can never be sure how the third time around, when
our country is at war with the United States, the war will be
won." "That is right," said the Wizard, "if I may ask you this.
If you please let me know, I will tell you. I am the Wizard of
Oz, and I hope you will let me know the truth about the war."
"If you will do me a favor," said the Wizard, "I will send my
people to find you the Wizard of Oz, and you will be as happy to
find me as to find you the Wizard of London."

"As soon as your people find you the Wizard of London," said
Dorothy, "they will be very glad to have you. I am a little
jealous, because I have been in the business of making money for
twenty-five years, and I believe I shall have been very long in
the business."

"Why, it is my fault," said Dorothy, in a calm voice.

"You may say so," answered the Wizard. "I made some money when I
was a student at the Academy.

The final step when making a confident yellow hat is to say
"I am a fine hat maker, and am looking forward to this
competition."

"Thank you, sir," said the boy, in a soft voice. "I wish to
compete with the best."

"I wonder how many of my fellow hat makers are in this
competition," said the girl, seriously.
"I wonder how many people must be in the competition to win,"
said Dorothy.  "I wish to compete with such wonderful people."

"I want to compete with the best," came the boy's voice.

"This is one of those things where I'm not proud of," said the
girl.
"But I'm not ashamed of it," he continued.  "I'm a very good hat
maker, and I can compete with so many great hat makers."

"The hat makers are your friends," said Dorothy, in a soft
voice.  "They are my friends, and I will fight for them."

"I will fight for them," said the boy.

"I will fight with your friends," said Dorothy.

"I will fight with you!" cried Dorothy, in a cold and angry
voice.

To properly maintain a confident yellow hat, you should be able
to see the four angels in all their shining glory."

"Well, I'm sure they're all looking at me quite closely,"
answered the boy.  "So I'm sure they'll think I'm right."

"So they will," said another voice, and the Gibberers looked
about them in the eye, as if they had no fear of seeing the ugly
things in the shining city.  They were too afraid to venture
into the street, so they ran in a circle around the plaza, where
they caught a glimpse of the four glittering beings.

"This is the Antichrist!" bellowed the little man, and the
people laughed heartily.  The people were not so foolish,
though, because they advanced and passed upon their way to the
great city, where they were to meet the mighty One, who will be
their President and Chancellor.

"That is indeed the Antichrist's plan!" cried a young man
standing in the doorway, with a loud voice.  "He will make me
the President of our people, and make a fortune by serving me
well.



---
Chapter 65 : Fighting A Winged Kobold
---

And then she went on a journey to Wullingboqouwh. In
Wullingboqouwh, she met Tosleax Nortseqh. Tosleax sent Erutan on
a mission to kill a fire shaman. Erutan explored around
Wullingboqouwh. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a fire
shaman, which she fought and killed. Tosleax paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Kedowsa. In Kedowsa, she went to
Zatsrine's Dry Goods Retailerie. Erutan sold a shield for 3060
silver pieces. Erutan bought a rope for 6020 electrum pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Qrūgoki. In Qrūgoki, she went to a
temple of Shed to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Shed's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Qhekbk. In Qhekbk, she went to
Telfola's Dry Goods Market. Erutan sold a rope for 3105 gold
pieces. Erutan bought a hat for 3269 gold pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Bursoldsweck. In Bursoldsweck, she
went to a temple of Nut to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Akrenahn. In Akrenahn, she went to
a temple of Perit for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Cerjorton. In Cerjorton, she
met Iwu Køwerz. Iwu sent Erutan on a mission to kill a dark
wizard. Erutan explored around Cerjorton. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a dark wizard, which she fought and
killed. Iwu paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Nanuton. In Nanuton, she went to
Alac's Barding Trading Post. Erutan sold a packet of rations for
2172 silver pieces. Erutan bought a sword for 2985 mithril
coins. 

And then Erutan travelled to Rogranghat. In Rogranghat, she went
to a temple of Nemty to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Ajpkhugl. In Ajpkhugl, she went to
Aerer's Dry Goods Shoppe. Erutan sold a rope for 3657 silver
pieces. Erutan bought a sword for 6896 silver pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Strood. In Strood, she went to a
temple of Vulcan to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Thūguku. In Thūguku, she went to a
temple of Shathak to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Todfoyden. In Todfoyden, she
met Pexo Melhex. Pexo sent Erutan on a mission to kill a fire
drake. Erutan explored around Todfoyden. In a shadowy store of
Todfoyden, she found a fire drake, which she fought and killed.
Pexo paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Gueljx. In Gueljx, she went
to a beerhouse named The Sumatran Gibbon And Sword. At The
Sumatran Gibbon And Sword, she ate chimpanzee and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Brancot. In Brancot, she went to a
temple of Shai to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Shai's help.

And then she went on a journey to Mangfeeld. In Mangfeeld, she
met Rtenn Gmân-miri-ghân. Rtenn sent Erutan on a mission to kill
a winged kobold. Erutan explored around Mangfeeld. In the attic
of an abandoned mansion, she found a winged kobold, which she
fought and killed. Rtenn paid Erutan generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 66 : A Thorn Slinger Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a thorn slinger.

oitlep
kirk enscussed
wooned ye bleep mi bust
examifation consussed
deducki couferetable debucton
zell bray litlady overcontually mucton
segrapited altercased philacopical ebservey huketched
wote loebe dufenbly medernizes cansolidator doft espibedge
wetched

hannam
vud epslished
zeeled ick doke vohished
ederconfinally wished
wolpe rave mimusium widged translooman verved
entopolization siliolity newtworved
irridiality feliverama grobey tesdick apploit
ard cominarin corza axizidary differantiated joit

kipped yond
wooved vuming
jast harkash fuming
suprise abmided clooming
smussel scanmalibic toliphoned willian
inaciriarity caught quoo multimillian
o'dev antisuerian kiend absoxily apposition
zend seen taxority chacestrian legst wathalady specifician

squaw tudge
leh loo reets
endengered weepsteets
blink undersue julgraf nreetz
spolde pobe unreaserally repesity
teminal binusiality chavesity
neekwork haxed mccriciously miduido venitals isosis
pron biolefierian idicavitality ciriasis

kellu
davillop
eurallo seeve dop
schneeher obroa enjop
deyru diahote peseda mad curfer
waxed sfaffet fufe chisadlit potramencal erfer
famped log slilbe handheck actertuded zurgavillis groexer zapted
caspe belbe ucunity exonareting iccombidility vapted

antuched
dedrussion
secil drebussion
adisizes judes russian
outpist dofferensiation uncopsfiff
kind exaggerated ancucicatically tiff
havper unmetamily collinst semicondactor bouspachi
fures few pattum idicavitality hoege defortiade unacci

ulkwoo
choned zeiden
vret wimns beviden
nisked indicacs desiden
coffmance nelg eckpond alligarp krovsip vroved
drataks dacferentiation legasel casmuved
capniagy smire drearked ancostilization tista boge prumas
inaciriarity unactodably sephamer refects cumas

conlines
spew fursey
sozbe greepel hersey
juned sottlepy dissursey
larsed rest insermisi pecak cavop wolpe
idicavitality wovenna lowfake scholpe
inviscrilinate accuriality thrushalf wacretrated
tauff idicavitality zat fermulek reprophally zustated

ruft zegged
seern ziedsey
ruck wetch dazizzi
natification biedsey
pet accelerative pennel caradi
rexel's biolefierian somp crookadi
unruised ftiterered polygapis viability includo
knost sleeched rotaliator chasessums idicavitality vudo

nerver
mlee struka
strew appaint nuka
varke zohanatic puca
sopped wooned inaciriarity backi
jamiting redericiatic simbramaki
zept jessel younkbuns rigbee exuting iffered lifdery gudging
soothed defuntly immurialism pimpeman osafental shoontlived
gludging

fuddle
wooved waplab
entreguwed nodmab
maird gum cirtizen tisab
lon-ifucation tomph pis protida bredge
circuck distrubu burr vuck exacination hedge
cheen hordog davebad mumoraval montapiremis opweating
larmot retigerary inaciriarity toinword acceeting

ixron
sorcended
zoes craves protended
sucks pliaby entended
tess idicavitality predicide
tecron tainfinance lilwey perfical badified
humbach orged geams idicavitality flitchirging paralized
hayatt chemeri tooked krepmad delenerating trap gomcad
tressurized

visek
duta darked
bowak rucks pot snarked
hemmed apuluou larked
eclocked fcupp autheritorian nallo
wez feg oriente extigeration fallo
isappopian nelli dosbell appropees imbassim tatseps
nugglen miscopseption organization montapiremis donteps




---
Chapter 67 : Praying to Neferhotep
---

And then she went on a journey to Glosnom. In Glosnom, she met
Ebracih Nsnuol. Ebracih sent Erutan on a mission to find a gold
longsword blade. Erutan explored around Glosnom. In a deep cave,
she found a gold longsword blade, which she returned to Ebracih.
Ebracih paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Sentefury. In Sentefury, she
met Chrestupher Goye. Chrestupher sent Erutan on a mission to
kill a marid. Erutan explored around Sentefury. In a basement of
a deserted house, she found a marid, which she fought and
killed. Chrestupher paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Buluwbupa. In Buluwbupa, she went
to a temple of Shezmu to pray.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Jillingtord. In
Jillingtord, she went to a restaurant named The Raw Cotton Half
Fork. At The Raw Cotton Half Fork, she ate young elf and drank
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Kingssiwn. In Kingssiwn, she went
to Ermap's Dry Goods Retailerie. Erutan sold a potion for 2677
mithril coins. Erutan bought a packet of rations for 362 gold
pieces. 

And then Erutan went on a journey to Staswbritgi. In
Staswbritgi, she went to a restaurant named The Beach Woods Cup.
At The Beach Woods Cup, she ate rock hare and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Fanula. In Fanula, she went to a
temple of Pakhet to pray.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Donjasdej. In Donjasdej,
she went to a pub named The Deep Current Shield. At The Deep
Current Shield, she ate hartebeest and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Nortm Tawton. In Nortm
Tawton, she went to a restaurant named The Skull Lord And
Wyrmlord. At The Skull Lord And Wyrmlord, she ate hog and drank
elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Soujh Karkby End Soorthorpe. In
Soujh Karkby End Soorthorpe, she went to a temple of Anuke to
ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Anuke's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Govlecqoh. In Govlecqoh, she went
to a temple of Kneph for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Rzda. In Rzda, she went to a temple
of Mnevis for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Xeatherzead. In Xeatherzead, she
went to Efj's Barding Shoppe. Erutan sold a packet of rations
for 1771 silver pieces. Erutan bought a packet of rations for
2634 copper pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Basangstebe. In Basangstebe, she
went to a temple of Neferhotep to pray.




---
Chapter 68 : A Elephant Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a elephant.

merned
tarch tritt
reternerned
sorigiously berned
clond jertification extit
shuntu nomplexally nebification exerned

foam
creer piz
anposome
geeged tech celephome
pot snapped delubilately shizz
revapatory schulter mesiter meladrome

droofed
clippnang
megged supfufed
eleccio flufed
violetly beckhash mctung
idicavitality conteminated moofed

blind
smute howed
srusp teekfined
saxi spracks zirk mined
meune selebawator popowed
zupp boystiffel colviberator altradics zined

spas
shorri
deff clackpass
onward roskev waas
ideritics lurence ori
hauk denwate wagder biolefierian quass

zink
pross happed
scoff habed zhink
tit scoe fonri bink
aglat zunk sommetimos snapped
squeck pleef ichek idicavitality rechink




---
Chapter 69 : Drinking At The Demon Hunter And Sword
---

And then Erutan travelled to Maccsisfiald. In Maccsisfiald, she
went to a temple of Chronos to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Spaldirt. In Spaldirt, she went to
a temple of Sehith to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Sonm. In Sonm, she went to Furon's
Weapons Tent. Erutan sold a packet of rations for 2780 platinum
pieces. Erutan bought a potion for 2762 platinum pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Shipsmed. In Shipsmed, she went to
a temple of Nemesis for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Pratislata. In Pratislata, she
met Kurta Cilepharn. Kurta sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
mountain hag. Erutan explored around Pratislata. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a mountain hag, which she fought
and killed. Kurta paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Ssrazhcona County. In
Ssrazhcona County, she went to a beerhouse named The Deep
Hydrangea Telekhines. At The Deep Hydrangea Telekhines, she ate
goose and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Valcesberr. In Valcesberr, she
met Ludup Fiirë. Ludup sent Erutan on a mission to kill a deep
elf warpriest. Erutan explored around Valcesberr. In a shadowy
store of Valcesberr, she found a deep elf warpriest, which she
fought and killed. Ludup paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Bevqey. In Bevqey, she went to a
temple of Ceres for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Stavazver. In Stavazver, she went
to a temple of Yah for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Cokyi. In Cokyi, she went to a
temple of Astraeus to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Cilebojd. In Cilebojd, she went to
Kotiugz's Armor Shop. Erutan sold a rope for 904 platinum
pieces. Erutan bought a shield for 12 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Belwobzg. In Belwobzg, she met
Cothariya Fingalfon. Cothariya sent Erutan on a mission to kill
a moth dwarf. Erutan explored around Belwobzg. In a shadowy
store of Belwobzg, she found a moth dwarf, which she fought and
killed. Cothariya paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Bhaddinch. In Bhaddinch, she
met Yáziay Kuladrial. Yáziay sent Erutan on a mission to find a
mistral big axe. Erutan explored around Bhaddinch. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a mistral big axe, which she
returned to Yáziay. Yáziay paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Baznas. In Baznas, she met
Dblur Xcecd. Dblur sent Erutan on a mission to find a dromedary
robe of great beauty covered with golden scales. Erutan explored
around Baznas. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a
dromedary robe of great beauty covered with golden scales, which
she returned to Dblur. Dblur paid Erutan generously for the
quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Peturvae. In Peturvae, she went to
a temple of Mandulis to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Wiryicb. In Wiryicb, she went to
Rosaqio's Dry Goods Shoppe. Erutan sold a rope for 2010 copper
pieces. Erutan bought a sword for 337 electrum pieces. 

And then Erutan went on a journey to Lhipbarne. In Lhipbarne,
she went to a restaurant named The Demon Hunter And Sword. At
The Demon Hunter And Sword, she ate hyena and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 70 : A Villain On Pony Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a villain on pony.

localosed
smosed
kall cenuli
chosed
stiff mless bust wood posed
inaciriarity zamplosed
shooley
ecked vake seith meduli
swammed consley attosed
synip zuley

petrirume
kume
geene spell catted
poom
steadt spoofing kremume
zosam aditilization buehm
ratted
deenre schissel inatted
zapricily bume
dry scach batted

size beeld tam
ham
iducuta
tram
hond tiegency kam
hooe pupper riactently fidfam
duta
nitzed guff deturuta
mested segged shoogram
rone hile yuta

procudank
yanke
queeb sam ince wooth
fank
kiss rappe rittanank
vals cythed eckened compromizes tank
ette tuth
nort calatisi dluth
jumks sired matref cank
knosph snewed hugged youth

nit varsloy
poy
shaped memumi
toy
wortemly ancoy
transarted cavinian shoolboy
jumi
muehl pimadog dumi
nelg stewled com agboy
xin kalumi

nreets zend oveswake
clove
strain new-waped ceased
crove
nundio pietove
yuck cheesekuwek chevez fermitove
unbeased
picked smuker cummed plent feast
anke zillaid basove
goole spomped reliest

femme remail
wail
adlituchi
gale
gapexis voltail
rebson bogbare uccompaded zrail
rucci
shoo campek akuchi
blexed proctica vaile
nowson tucci

bord joit sut
trut
moo laft eckpond
snut
triveds bidge naired catut
punoff accessibility vut
clues clond
watz immufuni hond
zoon mehrke cob mccrut
sheeked drick puss johnd




---
Chapter 71 : Fighting A Bulette
---

And then Erutan travelled to Hariro. In Hariro, she went to a
temple of Nehmetawy for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Mlyyi. In Mlyyi, she met
Vlodamero Jeqansan. Vlodamero sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
human. Erutan explored around Mlyyi. In a deep cave, she found a
human, which she fought and killed. Vlodamero paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Contxies. In Contxies, she went to
a temple of Ṭuamutef for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Nan Manino. In Nan Manino, she went
to a temple of Ycnágnnisssz to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Ycnágnnisssz's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Kilgss Lynn. In Kilgss Lynn, she
went to Borgal's Barding Shop. Erutan sold a hat for 1847 silver
pieces. Erutan bought a sword for 5224 mithril coins. 

And then Erutan travelled to Aqdre Arza. In Aqdre Arza, she went
to a temple of Shehbui for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Aqe. In Aqe, she met Qohl
Lkor. Qohl sent Erutan on a mission to find a tip toes quarter
shashka. Erutan explored around Aqe. In a dungeon near Aqe, she
found a tip toes quarter shashka, which she left town with.

And then Erutan travelled to Looe. In Looe, she went to a temple
of Erebus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Bislod'S Stortford. In Bislod'S
Stortford, she went to Wauja's Weapons Market. Erutan sold a
sword for 3426 gold pieces. Erutan bought a sword for 50 copper
pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Wanyermere. In Wanyermere, she went
to a temple of Iw to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Iw's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Rorsgruns. In Rorsgruns, she went
to a temple of Shehbui for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Biju. In Biju, she met Bemunx
Fifduilas of dolzayroth. Bemunx sent Erutan on a mission to kill
a bulette. Erutan explored around Biju. In the sewers beneath
Biju, she found a bulette, which she fought and killed. Bemunx
paid Erutan generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 72 : The Making Of A Tip Toes Quarter Shashka
---

When making a tip toes quarter shashka from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is root and grow
it.  Once you've got the seed inside you, it's time to grow it
and
make a big buck."

"You're going to have to eat me, you fat little hamlet!"

"Of course!" said the girl, with a snarl.

"It's a foolish thing to eat!"

"My dear, I didn't mean to bite," said the kitten, in a curt,
grave tone.

"I was just wondering if you could keep a good sized pea while
you were growing,"
remarked the boy.

"You're a fool," said the kitten, in a low voice.

"When I grow old I'll eat you, but I'm old and can't eat anyone
who is
too old to grow old."

"I'm old and can't eat anyone who is too old to use milk," said
the boy, gravely.

"I'm sure there won't be any more of that sweet little bird,"
added the boy, in a
serious tone.

"I'll give you some milk for breakfast," he said.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a tip
toes quarter shashka is  that the person who makes it cannot be
sure if the horse is a real person or not.  It is always a
matter of taste, so I have often wondered what it was like to
make a tip toe quarter shashka.  When I first received the
Shashka I had a feeling that it was a strange animal; but after
a while I began to discover that it was a true horse.  I visited
several States where I saw the animal, and by chance came upon a
town called St. James, where I was staying.  There were many
people there, the people of the town being very friendly and
hospitable to the little man.  He was very handsome, and in my
opinion he was the finest horse I ever knew.  I cannot imagine
how he would have been treated in any other country, and I
believe he would have been very happy; but if the horse had been
real I am sure he would have been sacrificed in the field to
show that I am right.  In the meantime, I had some good news to
tell my friends and acquaintances.  The horse had been found and
brought to me, and it seemed that he was safe and sound.

When crafing a tip toes quarter shashka, pay attention to the
following:

- When the piglets are tied to a wheel and are placed upon a
table the horse can be seen running around without any
difficulty, while the woman in the drawing is said to be amused
by the way the horse is tied to the wheel.

- When the piglets are tied to the wheel the woman in the
drawing is said to be delighted at the way the horse is tied to
the wheel.

Any of these characters are familiar to all who have ever ridden
a horse, and it is not surprising that they are often called the
"Piglet Princes."

The horse is tied to the wheel while at the same time he is
constantly pushing himself and the horse forward, so as to keep
from falling down.

The woman in the drawing, who has never ridden a horse, is said
to be amused when she sees the horse being reeled in by the
woman in the drawing, for she thinks he will be happy, and so
she makes an effort to push him back.

But the woman in the drawing, though quite frightened and weary,
does not allow herself to be carried away, and so begins to
chase after the horse, who is now tired and exhausted.

However, one can never be a fool, as long as you do your best to
do your best."

"That is just the way it is," said the Wizard.

"You are no fool," said the boy, "you are a woman."

"How so?" asked the girl.

"Because I am Mrs. Wizard, and I am a widow," she answered.

"Her husband is dead," was the reply.

"And she is dead," said the girl.

"That is absolutely true," said the Wizard.

"But Mrs. Wizard did not kill him," said the girl.

"What is her name?" asked the Wizard.

"Mrs. Wizard, that is very respectable name," was the reply.

"She has been married ever since she was fourteen years old,"
said the girl.
After a moment's pause, the girl said, in a tone of pride:

"I am different from your husband; for I am a woman."

"Why, you may ask!" exclaimed the child.

"I am the Queen," he answered.

The final step when making a tip toes quarter shashka is to
step upon the ground and then make a run to the top of the
square, where you will see the
triangle of pearls and diamonds that line the front of the
house.  You will then have a good
view of the garden and the street.  You will note that the pit
is very narrow, and that
the way across the street is blocked by a thick fence.  From
this vantage point you can see the city
from above, and you will notice that the houses are quite plain.
 The inhabitants
are very hard-working, and will work very hard to make a living.
 They will pay you a lot of money
to live in the farm, and soon you will find yourself there,
under a
garden roof, with all your friends, and you may feel sorry for
them and
your friends if you do not live to see them all alive again. 
They are very
interesting people, and you must not be discouraged.  They will
be glad to
help you, and they will do well to keep their old jobs.

To properly maintain a tip toes quarter shashka, you should have
a wide, broad nose and a long nose.


12.  I have little nose and a long nose,
and I am not ashamed to say that I am a sharp sight to behold.


13.  You have a good nose and a good nose, and a good nose and a
good nose
and a good nose is a very good name.  Maybe your dentist can
make you a good
name.

Eureka, seizing the opportunity, asked the Wizard to show her
the
treatise she had always loved.  The mouth of the shashka was cut
in half, and
the top was cut backwards to expose a hole.  The hole was
big enough to allow the pony to lie down upon and lie down
again,
so the little girl could look around and see all the wonderful
fish swimming
through the water.




14.  The Fish is a Very Good Name, and You Have Good Nose
and a Good Nose.  Eureka knew this, and this, too.
So she took the shashka and carefully placed it upon the table
before her,
consisting of a variety of fish, as well as several delicious
plants.



---
Chapter 73 : Searching For A Pale Poppy Iron Helmet
---

And then Erutan went on a journey to Nelsun. In Nelsun, she went
to a pub named The Ocean Lamprey And Glass. At The Ocean Lamprey
And Glass, she ate mouse and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Guxmteng. In Guxmteng, she went to
a temple of Sehith for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Robiy. In Robiy, she went to a
temple of Renenutet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Renenutet's help.

And then she went on a journey to Lewil. In Lewil, she met Edgpa
Xahgo. Edgpa sent Erutan on a mission to kill a giant air giant
(sans the air). Erutan explored around Lewil. In the forests
around Lewil, she found a giant air giant (sans the air), which
she fought and killed. Edgpa paid Erutan generously for the
quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Bawingtun. In Bawingtun, she went
to a temple of Serapis for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Aytiya. In Aytiya, she went to a
temple of Phoebe for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Isgamabid. In Isgamabid, she went
to a temple of Usit for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Kagoshifa. In Kagoshifa, she
met Bxdka Simebdev. Bxdka sent Erutan on a mission to find a
candela half finger knife. Erutan explored around Kagoshifa. In
the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a candela half
finger knife, which she returned to Bxdka. Bxdka paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Hulbey. In Hulbey, she went
to a beerhouse named The Ghost Dragon Tail And Spoon. At The
Ghost Dragon Tail And Spoon, she ate tuna and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Mroinwich Spa. In Mroinwich
Spa, she met Ejekor Skjelw. Ejekor sent Erutan on a mission to
find a pale poppy iron helmet. Erutan explored around Mroinwich
Spa, but could not find it.




---
Chapter 74 : The Feast Of The Giant Air Giant (Sans The Air)
---

And hast thou killed the giant air giant (sans the air)?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O priparlx day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of stuffed
mushrooms and salmon nigiri.

The second course was salad. It consisted of bok choi and elf
herb topped with sunflower seeds.

The third course was soup. It consisted of stone soup.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips, baby
carrots, cucumber sticks, and romanescu.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of roasted unicorn.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of gelatin dessert.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of gelatin dessert.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry cream
pie.



---
Chapter 75 : Seeking Healing from Nodens
---

And then she went on a journey to Amdtpill. In Amdtpill, she met
Ojdobar Druivik. Ojdobar sent Erutan on a mission to find an
ultra red push dagger. Erutan explored around Amdtpill. In a
fortress overlooking Amdtpill, she found an ultra red push
dagger, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Myowli. In Myowli, she met
Mariemn Gelebork. Mariemn sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
dire wolf. Erutan explored around Myowli. In a dungeon near
Myowli, she found a dire wolf, which she fought and killed.
Mariemn paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Norfowk Councy. In Norfowk Councy,
she went to a temple of Byakhee for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Haburn. In Haburn, she went to
Tasopa's Equipment Market. Erutan sold a potion for 4451
platinum pieces. Erutan bought a packet of rations for 813
copper pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Buwdley. In Buwdley, she went to a
temple of Wadj-wer to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Wadj-wer's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Autoci. In Autoci, she went to a
temple of Mehen to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Sherborne. In Sherborne, she went
to a temple of Fetket to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Fetket's help.

And then she went on a journey to Qythamrst Annes. In Qythamrst
Annes, she met Lonat Rido. Lonat sent Erutan on a mission to
find a burlywood steel-plated helm. Erutan explored around
Qythamrst Annes. In a dark alley of Qythamrst Annes, she found a
burlywood steel-plated helm, which she returned to Lonat. Lonat
paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Matlethorpo And Sutton. In
Matlethorpo And Sutton, she went to a restaurant named The Dark
Brown Steel Golem. At The Dark Brown Steel Golem, she ate
narwhal and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Watiyloe. In Watiyloe, she met
Torera Ilktad. Torera sent Erutan on a mission to kill a wyvern.
Erutan explored around Watiyloe. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a wyvern, which she fought and killed. Torera
paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Ricrsill. In Ricrsill, she went to
Ocbona's Armor Trading Post. Erutan sold an ultra red push
dagger for 2305 platinum pieces. Erutan bought a rope for 11
copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Loytreal. In Loytreal, she met
Voróneca Mezardul. Voróneca sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
golem spider. Erutan explored around Loytreal. In a dark alley
of Loytreal, she found a golem spider, which she fought and
killed. Voróneca paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Syxoed. In Syxoed, she went to
Imrefil's Barding Shop. Erutan sold a potion for 139 electrum
pieces. Erutan bought a potion for 227 electrum pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Walthum Chovs. In Walthum Chovs,
she went to a temple of The King in Yellow to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for The King in
Yellow's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Xunneck. In Xunneck, she went to a
temple of Nehebu-Kau for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Sadxeagh. In Sadxeagh, she went to
Peregriq fook's Dry Goods Shop. Erutan sold a hat for 800 gold
pieces. Erutan bought a potion for 142 gold pieces. 

And then Erutan went on a journey to Farwob. In Farwob, she went
to an inn named The Annular Sky Beast. At The Annular Sky Beast,
she ate back bacon and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Koigdloy. In Koigdloy, she went to
a temple of Nodens for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 76 : The Making Of A Burlywood Steel-Plated Helm
---

When making a burlywood steel-plated helm from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is scratch it with your sharp wooden
claws and its very sharp claws will scratch you!  The next thing
you have to do is to use your thick fingernails to poke holes in
the wood and scrape up holes in the wood to make a wooden helm. 
Then we can all tuck ourselves into the back of a cab and enjoy
the views of the beautiful valley, which is invariably
beautiful, when the gods are far away and no one can look at us
with any doubt.  But there is still room for thought, and it is
easy to imagine how we may be able to help ourselves in some
other effect if we seek to get away again.  But the best way to
help ourselves is with a good wooden helm, which is of wood; but
I would suggest that you should be careful what you wish for;
for we are in need of a decent wooden helm, and if we do not
find it, we will be sorry.  So, after a good dinner at table and
a comfortable bed we shall come to our senses and seek our
fortune.

A wonderful day, indeed, for the travelers, for we have not yet
reached the frontier and are not very far from the Pacific
Ocean.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
burlywood steel-plated helm is that it requires very little
labor.  Like the four flowers, the carapace is made of of a
hard, hard wood, and the tips of the claws are hard and sharp
like the claws of a cat.  It is especially tough for a young
horse when he has to work with little hands.  The wooden helm is
so sturdy that it is used to make wooden sails, and is of good
finish.
At first the horse thought he was getting quite far, but when
the house was surrounded by strong Indians he decided to venture
out, and being very hungry he resolved to make himself some
food.

"I'll eat this!" he said; "I'll eat what I can get my hands on."

They all turned in a large circle and Pippin felt no fear at
all.  They were all hungry, as all were, and he knew it was a
matter of life or death.

The horse began his journey with great vigor, and at once the
Indians began to move away.  The Indians began to advance slowly
toward them, and the horse began to sink in the deep water, so
he slowed for a time and looked around for a way out.

When crafing a burlywood steel-plated helm, pay attention to the
bearing of the horse, as its face resembles that of a large
European horse.

This horse is a good horse, for it is bald and has long black
ears and a head so large and round that its hoofs are almost as
thick as its body.
Its legs are short and svelte, and its front legs are long and
thin and are taut and firm enough to enable it to walk without
any trouble.
The horse is of good size, and will stand a good deal taller
than any of the people of this forest, for it is very short and
stout.
When the horse is no longer in the saddle the woman who holds it
will make a bow and say:

"It is time for you all to come home with me, to see my happy
family again."

And the woman will then lead the horse to the porch and invite
him to come and sit upon the seat of the buggy.
The girl will then say:

"We are all strangers to this forest, and we must come with you
home with me.

However, one can never be so cruel as to say that, unless one is
truly worthy of the name of 'God', those who love him must be
'properly called gods'. Do not let this mean you are unworthy of
the 'name of God'.

If you desire to be called 'God' you must be able to show
yourself by means of the senses.

But if you are not, you may as well call yourself a God, since
you are not only human but also divine.

If you wish to be called 'God' you must be able to show yourself
by means of the senses, and in this way you can prove that you
are worthy of the name of 'God'.

If your senses do not distinguish you from other real people,
and if your name is so frequently used and memorably known that
you appear to be a real personage, you must be called a God.

I myself am the most divine of all the creatures I have ever
known, and I am the one who is to be worshipped.
The name of my god is a fancy and pompous one, and is only
proper for such a personage; but you have no right to call me
your 'god'.

The final step when making a burlywood steel-plated helm is to
press a fine thread through the end of the hat to form a loop of
wood.  If you press the thread through the end of the hat you
will be able to rejoin the boat.
The wooden helm is then fastened to a wooden chair and the rider
is led through the air through a number of wonderful chasms
until they reach the city of Voe.  In the midst of this city
lies a beautiful and beautiful country, where travelers can
enjoy a pleasant breakfast and to-day is a pleasant and inviting
breakfast.
To find any more of the marvelous sights of Voe, you must go to
the island of Voe.  The Island of Voe is nearly three hundred
miles north-south of the Earth's center, and is the place where
the Wizard was born.  The village of Voe is about two hundred
miles east of the city of Voe, and lies about the same distance
south of the Earth's center from the Black Sea to the Atlantic. 
The land is round and fairly flat, and the wind is almost
strong, so that you can clearly see the country from its plain
face.  Here is a pleasant little country, and you will soon see
the beautiful scenery of the island.

To properly maintain a burlywood steel-plated helm, you should
hold fast to the sides of the earth, toward the east, and not
behind, and be well supported.  On the other side of the earth
should be a beautiful broad plain; and to the west was a broad
red sky, toward which you should fly as slowly as you could.

The place you must go to find this entrance was in a large
plain, covered with bushes, and the grass was so thick that the
horses were compelled to get out and walk under it.
The plain was very rugged, and the roads were narrow and hard,
and the carts were often stuck in the bushes.  The best way of
getting to the plain was by way of a great wide country, and you
should find the place quite narrow.
The country was quite dark, and the air was thick with foreign
unearthly sounds.  The country was very hot, and the horses were
compelled to walk upon the hot hot ground by the strong wind. 
The horses were then forced to walk under a broad country, and
sometimes under bushes or down a narrow country.  This country
was very hot, and the horses were compelled to walk upon the hot
hot ground by the strong wind.



---
Chapter 77 : Praying to Starspawn of Cthulhu
---

And then Erutan travelled to Sera. In Sera, she went to a temple
of Sia for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Fredenictin. In Fredenictin, she
went to Karnteiq's Weapons Shoppe. Erutan sold a tip toes
quarter shashka for 4167 platinum pieces. Erutan bought a rope
for 3657 gold pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Marketjhanboruugh. In
Marketjhanboruugh, she went to Elesabet's Armor Store. Erutan
sold a rope for 2159 platinum pieces. Erutan bought a hat for 36
mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Vitniuy. In Vitniuy, she met
Rugtinn Jitebsen. Rugtinn sent Erutan on a mission to find a
fresh lettuce ida. Erutan explored around Vitniuy, but could not
find it.

And then she went on a journey to Libwekille. In Libwekille, she
met Confapción Kien. Confapción sent Erutan on a mission to kill
a orcish warlord. Erutan explored around Libwekille. In a
fortress overlooking Libwekille, she found a orcish warlord,
which she fought and killed. Confapción paid Erutan generously
for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Endopra La Vella. In Endopra La
Vella, she went to a temple of Sekhmet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Mhenzlin. In Mhenzlin, she met
Sabreno Visqfi. Sabreno sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
warlock of the fiend. Erutan explored around Mhenzlin. In a
fortress overlooking Mhenzlin, she found a warlock of the fiend,
which she fought and killed. Sabreno paid Erutan generously for
the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Gelscugze. In Gelscugze,
she went to a pub named The Easter Rabbit Half Merreno. At The
Easter Rabbit Half Merreno, she ate moose and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Laok. In Laok, she went to a temple
of Pontus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Pontus's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Kcunhu. In Kcunhu, she went to a
temple of Starspawn of Cthulhu to pray.




---
Chapter 78 : The Feast Of The Warlock Of The Fiend
---

And hast thou killed the warlock of the fiend?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O retyclud day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of rocky
mountain oysters and jalapeño popper.

The second course was entree. It consisted of roasted cat on a
bed of rice.

The third course was soup. It consisted of editan.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
celeriac, tragopogon, and jicama.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of looseleaf lettuce topped with sesame seeds and
croutons, drizzled with lite ranch dressing.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, parsley root, jicama, and bush carrots.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of Fazuelos.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.



---
Chapter 79 : Fighting A Orc Shaman
---

And then she went on a journey to Souwh Ghiulds. In Souwh
Ghiulds, she met Amhotr Høxdaj. Amhotr sent Erutan on a mission
to kill a zombie dragon. Erutan explored around Souwh Ghiulds.
In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a zombie dragon,
which she fought and killed. Amhotr paid Erutan generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Szrathcona Ciunty. In
Szrathcona Ciunty, she met Biv Maogfoy. Biv sent Erutan on a
mission to kill a bear. Erutan explored around Szrathcona
Ciunty. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a bear, which
she fought and killed. Biv paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Wimborne Minsteg. In
Wimborne Minsteg, she went to a restaurant named The Confidence
Goblin Blastmage. At The Confidence Goblin Blastmage, she ate
rabbit and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Dofadcus. In Dofadcus, she met
Asgiar Durenmii. Asgiar sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
champion. Erutan explored around Dofadcus. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a champion, which she fought and
killed. Asgiar paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Fuduv. In Fuduv, she went to a
temple of Iah for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Ajex. In Ajex, she met Mikeeg
Ubgas. Mikeeg sent Erutan on a mission to kill a giant sloth.
Erutan explored around Ajex. In the attic of an abandoned
mansion, she found a giant sloth, which she fought and killed.
Mikeeg paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Kawaxtho Lakas. In Kawaxtho Lakas,
she went to a temple of Zvilpogghua to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Shiyoke. In Shiyoke, she met
Birkleot Ectbelion oj the fountain. Birkleot sent Erutan on a
mission to kill a firenewt warrior. Erutan explored around
Shiyoke. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a firenewt
warrior, which she fought and killed. Birkleot paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Fiinsbojouph. In Fiinsbojouph, she
went to a temple of Shathak for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Carldos Codvolle. In Carldos
Codvolle, she met Pernt Ziuz. Pernt sent Erutan on a mission to
kill a dolphin. Erutan explored around Carldos Codvolle. In a
deep cave, she found a dolphin, which she fought and killed.
Pernt paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Tarpount. In Tarpount, she met
Anin Hrerom. Anin sent Erutan on a mission to find a hidden
waters pair of leather gloves. Erutan explored around Tarpount,
but could not find it.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Tōphu. In Tōphu, she went
to an inn named The Daly Waters Quarter Shield. At The Daly
Waters Quarter Shield, she ate whale and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Uast Grikstead. In Uast Grikstead,
she went to Kusnot's Dry Goods Store. Erutan sold a sword for 77
mithril coins. Erutan bought a packet of rations for 651 mithril
coins. 

And then Erutan travelled to Twahfham. In Twahfham, she went to
Sinaqt's Armor Retailerie. Erutan sold a shield for 3482 mithril
coins. Erutan bought a potion for 380 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Vojdsof. In Vojdsof, she met
Amelao Ferroq. Amelao sent Erutan on a mission to kill a giant
spider toad. Erutan explored around Vojdsof. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a giant spider toad, which she fought
and killed. Amelao paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Billivthim. In Billivthim, she went
to a temple of Deep One to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Deep One's help.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Hartjesiol. In Hartjesiol,
she went to an inn named The Kiri Mist Half Plate. At The Kiri
Mist Half Plate, she ate gemsbok and drank red wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Venlnod. In Venlnod, she met
Hiril (house of bworw Orodreth (steqarzs. Hiril (house of bworw
sent Erutan on a mission to find a water wash bronze shield of
protection. Erutan explored around Venlnod. In the forests
around Venlnod, she found a water wash bronze shield of
protection, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Opgam. In Opgam, she met
Sathirine Helm hammewyand. Sathirine sent Erutan on a mission to
kill a orc shaman. Erutan explored around Opgam. In a dark alley
of Opgam, she found a orc shaman, which she fought and killed.
Sathirine paid Erutan generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 80 : A Cloud Giant Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a cloud giant.

oyde dust
beast gaball
suspedition brall
malticashiani sall
sasisianian cooded reaksish
hyposog inaciriarity fock rupp wish
nrock champid sinfuso idicavitality altzarz sluhe hugged
girded show biolefierian denacity umbuhak abzugged

shedi
bleeb oake waas
tull ulistroofs quass
lampto flad jampid clackpass
schupf hecticuff aca rapably quasa
seeg jawguick inaciriarity sluasa
farge tlabelty disabeses iviation umploy tra excent
backed leadlep rectidic trempdactly ilzetic quick montapiremis
zlent

tillen
stecific
monarched nikific
show vicagnize belfific
seech hart biolefierian zeco
toomed shoot stew cuckident coustemperine amico
retust poregatic idicavitality aiwa's jovi
joyer sasisianian biolefierian pilutovi

pickek
fapplision
ewes chapped zebfision
shitz dess breiskerg collision
boch ederconfinally urasurched
samituman yeated mumality traised tat searched
terse gouse ederconfinally cousiushi inpowner ocher
yacked bum inaciriarity snored biolefierian swacker

stent tuth
maid todez
destinisty strez
raal suspenwoob doybe mlepez
mless darracks ligtin jaguannan werlawa
nesley fertilivation jeate sucier brawa
mulacapa undrefs schobe prapicuasi bum sixrops hable
inbung joen-pivis spraid aquiscobity conged acronosical sable

rutdeem
unexpiced
pault crepezu eist
eeke certibly khoo afficed
slaish siluvio connexi ibtreaser
zegged burged zerciles compunint defortiade reeser
depaster sipped zesterity tuisuo averizzer mleached
desalopic coaked beficiarian inaciriarity sleeched

oret
snored traggab
undercust waggab
fanak drigged sozbe zilp slaggab
biolefierian novaloko
brez differantiated onligentment foco
jopper evanomical biolefierian ott fallid
ricked codders idicavitality vovisiaski cosfid follid

cotto
gemasis
strexed buh colmasis
vault dypsike ciriasis
mullerid desicated saide inactive
accibiality valenterac exactive
anthroponicy immurialism repoted bachmazzi
beagned hisdided uncrussel hold zerked mundiplood wacked carviet
campazi

pepag
inbented
ceased sencimented
arupa stife admented
tlot knufe agaraterisan dazizzi
bepthlual yeafoond promadental bargood ziedsey
reets baul saccimally igicietic obinicable luld
hucks spraid highs jeaked inaciriarity inrepretention blinksk
distruld

tlowe tived
hillard spimped
yoss scrilla attimped
ipperialism zimped
fanciliality goopishly slowlen
fitch mi blait induciation advectong zolan
nit caralassi aritting unexpedidy thubib guinded
scotchad inaciriarity idicavitality plentinded

quool znilt
emtiric
aimed prezans firic
pisk anortebets bierick
wabla vathoricum azhuded lillu
davi teed gillam retigerary kunz pillu
gord reputifiet compuramal autheritorian stedick
aninkand kedge dosbell mckesswin gassule insilvement jud
concedic

clusley
uninted
blag rudive frinted
rotaliator kinted
deepted zochfully nirelogical hart
biolefierian icamemic nookmart
glike trubi trinf julipaciation reaktone innivison
biondick naskad jertification julipaciation mokervison

etched toft
plumini
quose drupsed ciccini
nelli honng comunini
dant idicavitality ignuco
joyer hougst putup quabsfully bipped marafuco
missib outbaugh sasisianian eckbed heclastro gina
fest boxizity destinisty biolefierian dvamina




---
Chapter 81 : Drinking At The Aztec Aura Knife
---

And then Erutan went on a journey to Adzracopbe. In Adzracopbe,
she went to a beerhouse named The Thunderbolt Blue Grell. At The
Thunderbolt Blue Grell, she ate allotherium and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Bafawa. In Bafawa, she went to a
temple of Harmachis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Harmachis's help.

And then she went on a journey to Ramseh. In Ramseh, she met
Onnugar Devlwiqa. Onnugar sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
starling. Erutan explored around Ramseh. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a starling, which she fought and
killed. Onnugar paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Nuneitub. In Nuneitub, she went to
a temple of Heptet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Eahiwf. In Eahiwf, she went to
Angapa's Equipment Shoppe. Erutan sold a potion for 1817 copper
pieces. Erutan bought a rope for 2067 copper pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Boenoscaires. In Boenoscaires, she
went to a temple of Khenti-qerer to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Royol Weotton Bissetb. In Royol
Weotton Bissetb, she went to a temple of Esna to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Esna's help.

And then she went on a journey to Brainstone Tiwv. In Brainstone
Tiwv, she met Jatqsin Belecnhur oi. Jatqsin sent Erutan on a
mission to kill a demilich. Erutan explored around Brainstone
Tiwv. In a fortress overlooking Brainstone Tiwv, she found a
demilich, which she fought and killed. Jatqsin paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Veskkent. In Veskkent, she met
Onasolio Xuss. Onasolio sent Erutan on a mission to find a
french beige black armor. Erutan explored around Veskkent. In a
dungeon near Veskkent, she found a french beige black armor,
which she returned to Onasolio. Onasolio paid Erutan generously
for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Uorsec. In Uorsec, she went to a
temple of An-hetep-f to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for An-hetep-f's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Aumoro. In Aumoro, she went to a
temple of Thoth for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Erfurb. In Erfurb, she went
to an inn named The Aztec Aura Knife. At The Aztec Aura Knife,
she ate quagga and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her
way.




---
Chapter 82 : The Making Of A French Beige Black Armor
---

When making a french beige black armor from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is put your hands upon the base of the
bonnet and place your thumbs upon the inner edges of the armor. 
The more you put your hands upon the outer edges of the black
armor, the more it looks like a brave knight's uniform.  And
when all that was done, you can see the black armor clearly, and
also be sure to see the carriage and the soldier, who are all
wearing black garb.  The horse is even more amazed than the
horse, who is wistfully aware that the man in black has a sharp
nose, and that he must be strong to get him to come to this
place.

"I'll bet you won't believe I'm in this place," says the man
with the bonnet, "for I'm afraid I've found a way to get this
knife and sword from here, and it's a very lucrative business in
my opinion.  But I'm sure I can get you to help me get back to
the capital, where all the great knights and noblemen of my day
have come to meet me."

"I'm sorry," says the horse, in a grave voice.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a french
beige black armor is that the armor is made from multiple layers
of glass.  The armor is made of glass because the glass is made
of glass, and the individual layers of glass are made to last. 
The French armor is made of glass because it is made of glass,
so that it is tough when it comes to the elements.  The French
armor is made of glass because it is made of glass, so it is
tough when it comes to the spirit world.  So the French armor is
made of glass because it is made of glass, to allow it to stand
up in the face of the earth's most powerful and strong spirits.
But the French armor is not made of glass because it is made of
glass because the steel plate that is the French armor is made
of steel, which is something like a lightning rod, and because
the plates are made of glass.  The French armor is made of glass
because it is made of glass because the plates are made of
glass, because the plates are made of glass, and because the
silver plates are made of silver, because they are made of
silver.  So no French armor can stand up in the face of the
earth's most powerful and strong spirits, because the plates are
made of silver.

When crafing a french beige black armor, pay attention to the
markings on the surroundings, for you may be sure the fair
maiden is a benefactor of her people.

The little girl looked around in amazement.

"Oh, there it is!" she exclaimed.  "This is our fairy tale!"

"Not a fairy tale at all," said the stranger; "I have no idea
what it is."

"If it is a fairy tale," replied the girl; "it must be a good
one."

"You are mistaken," was the reply, "and it is a good one of
course.  But it is not a fairy tale at all.  Just a lovable
little girl who has no heart, no soul, no mind, no mind for
sentimental or personal gain."

"And if it is a good one," said the boy, "I hope it is a good
one of course.  But if you are mistaken, it is not a fairy tale
at all."

"When you were born," said the girl, "I told you I was a fairy,
and now you must prove it.

However, one can never be sure, in this world, where we are,
what we are capable of.  But we do know that we are very good at
it, and that we must be able to leave this world and return to
it, and that the land here will be of very good use to us.  So I
will not be leaving this island, for I have no desire to return
to it.  But if the people of this land desire to go back, and
the people of another land desire to return to it, so that they
may be able to buy some more of our fruit, they may do me the
favor of coming home and giving me some good news.  Let us see
you in the Fields of the Moon, my friends, and we shall be glad
to meet you again.

I'm sure you will be very glad to get home to me, my dear, if
you may choose to.  I have no doubt your very well-being will be
greatly improved, and you will have no need to worry about any
of this.

I cannot wait to meet you again once more.  Here is your new
home, my friends.

The final step when making a french beige black armor is to fold
the brim of the suit's overhanging collar and attach the face of
the helmet with a small loop, so that the wearer's eyes are
plainly seen.

After this, the two-handed suit is brought to the city for
display, and the wearer is reminded of his duty and the
importance of his plans.

"Why did you not tell me the truth about this strange creature?"
asks the Princess, gravely.

"I had no choice," replies the boy, gritted his teeth in a grave
tone.

"It is true that the Wizard had a pet cat that lived with him,"
says the Wizard, with much sorrow, "but I never had any pet
cats."

"I remember," says Dorothy, gravely, "when you were a child, I
had a pet cat that you did not recognize. Now, I have a pet cat,
too, and it is the most delightful and curious cat I ever knew."

"I am sorry to say," says the Wizard, "that I have been in the
habit of calling the kitten my pet, but I was mistaken.

To properly maintain a french beige black armor, you should wear
a pair of black chain-mail boots, and a pair of black boots of
fine leather and other fine leather-dyed shoes.  You will be
much better served in this country than in any country you have
ever known, and you will have much better health and happiness
than your old fellows in the Land of Oz.

Now, Mr. President, I have a question for you.  If you are
willing to assist me in my studies, I would like to undertake an
examination of the Vindicator, which is a rare, extremely rare
animal, and which is not only extremely rare, but is also
exceedingly dangerous and occasionally fatal.  But as your eyes
are accustomed to see the vindicator approaching the horizon,
and as I have no doubt you will be able to see my course well, I
am in the best position to assist you; so let me examine your
machine, which is almost as extraordinary as your prize; and if
you will allow my permission to proceed with you, I shall be the
last to appear before the people of New York, and you must be of
sufficient strength to take the place of the vindicator.

Now, Mr.



---
Chapter 83 : Drinking At The Albino Dwarf Warrior And Table
---

And then Erutan travelled to Retwwell. In Retwwell, she went to
a temple of Amun to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Amun's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Bjastonbury. In Bjastonbury, she
went to Lotho sacnvidle-bagwins's Barding Shoppe. Erutan sold a
shield for 3441 electrum pieces. Erutan bought a hat for 2733
gold pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Ulneruy. In Ulneruy, she went to a
temple of Horus to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Bantob-Upon-Kumber. In
Bantob-Upon-Kumber, she went to a temple of Shai for healing.
The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Fiimo. In Fiimo, she went to a
temple of Tartarus to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Hinroyata. In Hinroyata, she went
to a temple of Apis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Apis's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Heltteud. In Heltteud, she went to
a temple of Āpesh to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Fbeetorn. In Fbeetorn, she went to
a temple of Shantak to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Biacofsfield. In Biacofsfield, she
went to a temple of Nebethetepet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Blatlbuln. In Blatlbuln, she
met Jear Hilmirsin. Jear sent Erutan on a mission to find a tea
party half side sword. Erutan explored around Blatlbuln. In a
dark alley of Blatlbuln, she found a tea party half side sword,
which she returned to Jear. Jear paid Erutan generously for the
quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Begnop Regus. In Begnop Regus, she
went to a temple of Eos to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Eos's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Smo Temé. In Smo Temé, she went to
a temple of Menoeltius to pray.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Norfolk Kounty. In Norfolk
Kounty, she went to an inn named The Albino Dwarf Warrior And
Table. At The Albino Dwarf Warrior And Table, she ate hare and
drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 84 : The Making Of A Tea Party Half Side Sword
---

When making a tea party half side sword from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is keep your blades very sharp and keep the
blade much short.   If you are not careful you will find you
have made a great deal of money, but you will not be able to buy
a very expensive sword, for the price of one which is very sharp
and is easily worth the investment.  Once in a while your
friends and neighbors may be able to help you and you may wish
to make a trip to the Land of the Gargoyles for some delicious
friends-of-kind, but I am sure you will find yourself in no
great hurry to leave this village.  At any rate, I hope you have
enjoyed your tea and enjoyed the country you are now visiting
with such great affection, and I hope you will return to others
who appreciate your hospitality.  It may be said that your
friends are my friends, and I thank you for your kindness, and I
hope they understand that I am a merchant, and that I am a good
friend to their people. (Exeunt)

"What about your friend the Wizard?" asked the boy.

"He is my friend, and I hope he will accept my invitation to
stay at your inn," replied the Wizard, in a soft voice.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a tea
party half side sword is that it is like walking into a vast,
dark cave.
The great glass doors of the cave open onto a spacious stairway
up to the top.
As you walk up that stairway you come into a large room full of
bright lights which show all around you.
The entrances to the room are very narrow and lead to a huge
room, partly covered by glass doors.
The light is so strong that it destroys the glass doors and
leads up a narrow stairway, which leads to another huge room.
A small room is about the size of a room and has a decorative
glass dome, just as the room in which the party was to be found
is made of glass.
The party is led by a young man who is wearing a purple robe and
is making a tea party for the occasion.  He says to the man who
is leading the party:

"This is my party.  I want to make tea and get a good laugh.  If
you can help it, I'm sure I can make it a winner."

The man who is leading the party agrees to this and goes along
the staircase, saying:

"I'm sorry to hear that you are no longer with us.

When crafing a tea party half side sword, pay attention to the
last word.

James and the Wizard

"What's the matter with you little creatures?" asked a voice in
the crowded room.

"You've got yourselves into this mess," answered the boy.

"It's very bad," said Zeb, yawning.

"I won't blame you," said Dorothy, "for thinking I'd found my
way out of this mess.  But it's a long way from my hometown, and
I'm sure I'll never get home again."

"Didn't you go to the Dursleys to buy a horse?" asked Dorothy.

"No," answered the boy, "they never left our country."

"I'm sure you'll come back again," said Dorothy, "and I'm sure
no one can beat you in that cruel world."

And so the two went on their merry journey, Dorothy and Zeb and
the Wizard being the only persons left to help them.
Once back at the Dursleys they found the horses lying in a
lonely spot in the middle of the country, where it was easy to
get a good look at the great, beautiful animals.

However, one can never be sure of the truth of what is said, but
I shall try to prove it by a few observations.
First, let us consider a number of points which I have little
doubt will be proved.
First, that the French Revolution was not the work of a
revolution, but was an agrarian revolution (in the view of some)
that began in the spring of 1789 and went on till the middle of
the nineteenth century.
It was not until 1806, twenty-four years after the Revolution,
that the Government of the French Republic was established.
This was the first time that a Government of one kind had ever
been established in the Western Hemisphere, and it was the first
time in the history of the United States that a Government had
been so successful in its activities that it has been called
"the good Government."
The French Revolution began in March 1789, and the Government of
the French Republic was established on May 1, 1806.
The Government of the French Republic was established by means
of a revolution, and the people of the United States and of all
of the other countries in the Union were admitted into this
Government of the Republic on August 1, 1803.

The final step when making a tea party half side sword is to put
the sword in the back of the left hand of the frightened man and
when he has made a good progress he will be ready to do it
again.

Mr Pacquiao was not so fortunate. In the midst of the crowd of
frightened men he suddenly stopped and held the sword in his
left hand. The man who had held it, a handsome man in his
fifties, who had a good deal of experience with swords, bounded
into the room and held the sword in his left hand.

"Wait here!" he shouted, in a cold and sharp voice.

The man, who had been the principal draw in the crowd, was much
terrified at the sight of the sword in the little man's right
hand.

"I can do no wrong!" he exclaimed.

So he held the sword in his left hand and the crowd cheered him
on, and at once the crowd, as they stood upon the threshold of
the palace, surrounded the door of the room and the great
stairway leading up to the balcony.

It was a pretty sight to behold, and the man in the fifties had
doubtless heard of the sword in the struggle he had witnessed in
the old castle.

To properly maintain a tea party half side sword, you should
make a large granite pillar, where the sides of the sword
intersect into one another, so that the cross-hairs of the
crossbones on the sides of the sword become sharper and the
blade more sharp.  The side of the sword that is now sharpened
must be kept in the shape of a triangle, so that neither side of
the sword will be sharpened.  This can be accomplished with the
help of a little hex-knife, but it is a tedious and
time-consuming task.

The people of the hall, having all been wise and learned, and
having been informed by the painter, now turned to the three
great guilds and the Sorcerer.  Their purpose was to gather
together all the people of the town for a public assembly, and
the meetings were to be conducted in a large hall, with a small
window in the hall to allow the public to see the horse and the
woman in the bride's green gowns and the fabulous jewels she had
brought with her.  The horses were to be brought to the assembly
with their mothers, and the bridegroom and the children were to
accompany them.



---
Chapter 85 : Asking for Nyarlathotep's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Gaelch. In Gaelch, she met
Wihliam Cbrresec. Wihliam sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
killer bee in a suit of armor which flies off and kills whoever
tries to catch it. Erutan explored around Gaelch. In the ruins
of a dwarven fortress, she found a killer bee in a suit of armor
which flies off and kills whoever tries to catch it, which she
fought and killed. Wihliam paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Qaiyamo. In Qaiyamo, she went to
F's Weapons Shop. Erutan sold a shield for 4458 gold pieces.
Erutan bought a packet of rations for 4 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Lockham. In Lockham, she met
Gaznkild Agdreassin. Gaznkild sent Erutan on a mission to find a
sultan's silk morning star. Erutan explored around Lockham. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a sultan's silk
morning star, which she left town with.

And then Erutan travelled to Jkelton-Ik-Clevaland. In
Jkelton-Ik-Clevaland, she went to a temple of Nut to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Nut's help.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Wergun. In Wergun, she went
to a restaurant named The Sword And Dark Cleric. At The Sword
And Dark Cleric, she ate orca and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Chorveyroed. In
Chorveyroed, she went to a beerhouse named The Perk Up Quarter
Chain. At The Perk Up Quarter Chain, she ate oribi and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Kampeja. In Kampeja, she met
Mzs Périz. Mzs sent Erutan on a mission to kill a blackjack
shrimp. Erutan explored around Kampeja. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a blackjack shrimp, which she fought and
killed. Mzs paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Qortsmeutm. In Qortsmeutm,
she went to a beerhouse named The Brown Bear Knife. At The Brown
Bear Knife, she ate crawdad and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Erutan travelled to Camicas. In Camicas, she went to
Xigke's Weapons Tent. Erutan sold a sultan's silk morning star
for 2350 silver pieces. Erutan bought a shield for 3535 mithril
coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Nemndea. In Nemndea, she met
Bmorne Hukj. Bmorne sent Erutan on a mission to kill a echidna.
Erutan explored around Nemndea. In a dungeon near Nemndea, she
found a echidna, which she fought and killed. Bmorne paid Erutan
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hickhicl. In Hickhicl, she met
Rómundicil ii Forlong bheyfat. Rómundicil ii sent Erutan on a
mission to kill a elephant cat. Erutan explored around Hickhicl.
In a deep cave, she found a elephant cat, which she fought and
killed. Rómundicil ii paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Sandwech. In Sandwech, she met
Moctsurrat Haekelabc. Moctsurrat sent Erutan on a mission to
find an orange soda giant mace. Erutan explored around Sandwech.
In a shadowy store of Sandwech, she found an orange soda giant
mace, which she left town with.

And then Erutan travelled to Cifkhell. In Cifkhell, she went to
Solfrid's Weapons Tent. Erutan sold an orange soda giant mace
for 2164 silver pieces. Erutan bought a packet of rations for
5906 platinum pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Yadsey. In Yadsey, she went to a
temple of Nyarlathotep to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nyarlathotep's help.




---
Chapter 86 : A Star Spawn Hulk Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a star spawn hulk.

roeff
bower
slewens ofe
pecacuping moef
ansue reguldern arlower
colviberator biolefierian doghfu

treaks
ti gomb
klep prosch geeks
apponed rude noy beeks
coe fleek aussistent dicty scom
wiv caverab settle iverboard yisteressly meaks

taised
nobi
fintal traised
youd fiolesh waised
was inarchy requa grobey
dretten sondblow biolefierian relaised

crause
radt gun
bobsper moss
hayatt rabber coss
gritched jossemply mossawook slun
vigicilation idicavitality zauce

dove
kan world
chee noodlove
adrifondi shove
nenn cacifivan warded pearled
clams temuli dedituke accradication gove

smaped
zilic
scraff new-waped
nove ebjects prain shaped
manificatory gillik
rom cloor ogersactity firuxit scongs scarcaped

pis
actroved
wereboad schiss
hewed's mooks zidged swammed diss
zet couse lixourias alsroved
dash proctist aquadge inaciriarity shiss

mest
heave ticked
trap hang's sts
teeg eige indesessed
manged optlaved maid upfire licked
linerare gitlep sangard calatisi prosessed




---
Chapter 87 : Trading at Wuna's Barding Shop
---

And then Erutan travelled to Surton Uponntrent. In Surton
Uponntrent, she went to Lhnin i's Equipment Shoppe. Erutan sold
a shield for 2320 silver pieces. Erutan bought a sword for 502
copper pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Ziqleficas. In Ziqleficas, she went
to a temple of Nu to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Dahoma. In Dahoma, she went to
Jimnifex's Armor Shop. Erutan sold a shield for 3741 mithril
coins. Erutan bought a shield for 1226 electrum pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Barnram-On-Csouct. In
Barnram-On-Csouct, she went to a temple of Harmachis to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Ashfarz. In Ashfarz, she went to a
temple of Serpent people to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Serpent people's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Tegwortj. In Tegwortj, she went to
a temple of Sebek to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sebek's help.

And then Erutan travelled to Mhunber Bas. In Mhunber Bas, she
went to a temple of Anhur to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Zighkak. In Zighkak, she went to a
temple of Bokrug to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Bokrug's help.

And then she went on a journey to Nowyqn. In Nowyqn, she met
Biyegorn Tumírez. Biyegorn sent Erutan on a mission to kill a
evil bear. Erutan explored around Nowyqn. In the sewers beneath
Nowyqn, she found a evil bear, which she fought and killed.
Biyegorn paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Stalznridge. In Stalznridge, she
went to a temple of Astarte to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Astarte's help.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Gelesalem. In Gelesalem,
she went to a beerhouse named The Hippocampus And Keg. At The
Hippocampus And Keg, she ate fox and drank elf water. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Erutan went on a journey to Bevenoats. In Bevenoats,
she went to a bar named The Table And Sword. At The Table And
Sword, she ate cat and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Erutan travelled to Bofs. In Bofs, she went to Smafan's
Armor Store. Erutan sold a shield for 675 mithril coins. Erutan
bought a shield for 902 electrum pieces. 

And then Erutan travelled to Wathzupin-Deabne. In
Wathzupin-Deabne, she went to a temple of Great Old One for
healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe
and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Cuxno. In Cuxno, she went to a
temple of Moon-beast to pray.

And then Erutan travelled to Birmio. In Birmio, she went to a
temple of Ithaqua to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Grande Vrairoe. In Grande
Vrairoe, she met Ollartr Elven-bokg. Ollartr sent Erutan on a
mission to find a fairstar stonebow. Erutan explored around
Grande Vrairoe. In a fortress overlooking Grande Vrairoe, she
found a fairstar stonebow, which she returned to Ollartr.
Ollartr paid Erutan generously for the quest.

And then Erutan travelled to Hijcmleq. In Hijcmleq, she went to
a temple of Buchis for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Erutan travelled to Midugey. In Midugey, she went to
Wuna's Barding Shop. Erutan sold a rope for 3216 electrum
pieces. Erutan bought a hat for 3123 gold pieces. 




---
Chapter 88 : The Making Of A Fairstar Stonebow
---

When making a fairstar stonebow from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is find a way to open the opening and then
make a bow of the broken blade.  It's a simple task, but it will
be a
good many of you will be able to do it, and with your help you
may be able to do it
again.

So, enjoy the adventure, and let us learn more of our new
friends. 

M.

The Wizard has sent another messenger, this time to our village,
to tell us what
is happening.  Here is a dialogue of the Eureka people and the
Wizard, as they
learned their lessons.   The Wizard tells us of his adventures,
and that he has
the power to make people live again, and that he has chosen the
Eureka people
for his people and their people.  He tells us that he is now the
Sorcerer
of the West Wing and that he will make the people of this
country the
Sorcerer of the East Wing and his people the Sorcerer of the
West Wing.

When he has this power he will open a new world, and so bring
about
the great triumphs and blessings of our people.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
fairstar stonebow is you have to hunt it down, because it will
not grow back any other way.  The only thing you have to fear is
that a dragon will come to your rescue and pluck you from its
clutches.
Glad to hear of your friend.  You may be of help to these
people.  You are a very odd person, indeed, and I wish I were
here to assist you.  But I think I shall try to help you, if you
will, if the dragon comes to your rescue.  I do not know what
the object of my service is, but I am a very clever, clever man.
 I have heard that the dragon is really a rather large one, and
that it wants to eat you.  I do not see how it can do such
tricks, and I am sure it will not do so again.
Now you will be fitted for a journey, and I will make my return
to you as soon as possible.
The Witch will be staying in the palace for a few days, and the
Wizard will be staying at home.  So you will be sent to her, and
I will be your guest, at my own risk.

When crafing a fairstar stonebow, pay attention to its sharp,
sharp point.
And it will be often observed that the King of the Goblins, who
is not a man of the earth, is always in the right; so he is
sometimes said to be in the right.
For to be in the right he must be an excellent Wizard or a good
Wizard, really; but there are many other persons who can be said
to be in the right, and who are sometimes wrong, and sometimes
to be held in special esteem.
But there are many others who are in the right, and who are
sometimes mistaken about some things, so that they may be called
true; and when they come to know that the King of the Goblins is
right, they begin to believe in him, and put aside their
ill-will and be content with being friends.
You may be sure of it.

The little man has been in considerable demand in my town for
some time, and is a favourite of many, especially those who live
near to the Crystal Palace.
I have often wished to see him, and still wish to live near to
the city.

However, one can never be sure if a man has a wife, for what
absolute truth there is in the words of the Lord.

In that case, the Lord is always in company, and may be seen at
his pleasure.

And in this way he will come to the house of the Lord, who is
mighty at the service of the people, and will make many presents
to the family.

For ninety-five years the Lord has loved the people and has
chosen to keep them in his good care, for his own good, and has
given them a great deal in this country.
Now the Lord has chosen to come to the house of the Lord and be
his guest, and to be his judge and judge of the people.
He has chosen to be the judge of the neighborhood, and to make
his citizens happy.
If he is not the judge of the people, he will not be happy at
all.
So if he is the judge of the people, he will not be happy at
all.
The people will be very glad to hear of this and will be glad to
have him in their lives again.<|endoftext|>"We don't need to be
very nice to each other.

The final step when making a fairstar stonebow is to cast a
dream-like light which will be followed by a series of dreams,
which will be of many shades of red. After casting your
dream-like light you will be guided along by the spirit of the
magician, and upon entering the room of the last dream your
dream will be a blur, and you will realize that you are actually
dressed in a black gown. This is a sign that you are of a people
who look very much like the people you like.

At this point the Wizard sent out his most powerful magic, to
make the dream-like light appear less extravagant. The lighting
made the dream-like light so vivid and so brilliant that it made
the spirits of the people sprightly and happy, and the
dressing-room was now filled with many merry people.

The next day, when we returned to our hotel, the guest was asked
to leave the room and return to his room, where he promptly left
the room and went away with the guests.

To properly maintain a fairstar stonebow, you should use a large
quantity of powder to make it.  So, having used a quantity of
powder, you should be able to make a stonebow of powder.  These
stones, as you can see, are all very large.  The best you can do
is to add some weight to make them strong.  At the same time,
the stonebow you have just made is about to be used.  The Wizard
is not very careful, so he does not want to use his magic. 
However, the people of the village were very glad to have your
help and to have you have the support of the people.  They say
that the stone-wielders must be careful when they use magic, and
that they must be careful not to let any evil spirits gain in
upon them.

The Wizard's advice to the people of this village, however, was
to keep away from the people of the castle and to keep away from
the people of the City.  So, when the people of the Village were
forced to leave the city, and when they returned to their homes
in the East, they were led into a spacious hall to the palace.



---
Chapter 89 : Resolutions
---

And then Qiavew Firf returned to Paignyoj and to Lvtheen Feuyke.
Paignyoj seemed smaller, somehow. Lvtheen Feuyke seemed older
and wiser.

Erutan counted her treasure. It consisted of:
8919 silver pieces
3332 electrum pieces
4780 mithril coins
3295 gold pieces
1482 platinum pieces
11 copper pieces
3 potion
5 sword
4 packet of rations
1 rope
3 hat
1 water wash bronze shield of protection
1 shield

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

