                            SHAPESHIFTING
          Gymla Burningfist and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Gymla Burningfist
---

Gymla Burningfist was a female dwarf that lived in Vratiskava.
Gymla was youthful and unseasoned. Vratiskava was a nice town.
Vratiskava was poor and peculiar. Gymla had a mentor, named
Evezt G. Evezt was decrepit and keen.

Evezt told Gymla 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Gymla said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Vratiskava and catch pocket monsters behind
the temple'.



---
Chapter 2 : Fetching An Elegant Ice Bronze Shield Of Defense
---

And then Gymla travelled to Witbezj. In Witbezj, she went to a
temple of Heru-pa-kaut to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Heru-pa-kaut's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Okmmkerk. In Okmmkerk, she went to a
temple of Chronos to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ilzley. In Ilzley, she went
to an inn named The Large Moth And Spoon. At The Large Moth And
Spoon, she ate mutton and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gymla travelled to Sauthdomd. In Sauthdomd, she went to
a temple of Kebehut for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Wofdber. In Wofdber, she went to a
temple of Imentet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Bejumbuco. In Bejumbuco, she
met Xoyár Jao. Xoyár sent Gymla on a mission to find a marrakesh
red military axe. Gymla explored around Bejumbuco. In a dungeon
near Bejumbuco, she found a marrakesh red military axe, which
she returned to Xoyár. Xoyár paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Vavldown. In Vavldown, she went to a
temple of Thor for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Pefzincu. In Pefzincu, she went to a
temple of Yig for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Scanthorpa. In Scanthorpa, she went
to a temple of Mnevis for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Sjfalbanx. In Sjfalbanx, she
went to a pub named The Illuminating Emerald Giant Tuna. At The
Illuminating Emerald Giant Tuna, she ate oyster and drank elf
water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Toshigo. In Toshigo, she met
Ixeíah Xvår. Ixeíah sent Gymla on a mission to find a lilac
crystal flamberge. Gymla explored around Toshigo. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a lilac crystal flamberge, which
she returned to Ixeíah. Ixeíah paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Colje. In Colje, she went to a
temple of Shub-Niggurath for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Qelbepille. In Qelbepille,
she went to a bar named The Kobold And Beer. At The Kobold And
Beer, she ate gerbil and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Twiccenham. In Twiccenham, she went
to Uraglus's Armor Tent. Gymla bought a rope for 38 gold pieces.


And then Gymla travelled to Telscohri. In Telscohri, she went to
a temple of Fortuna for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Baroc. In Baroc, she went to a
temple of Nemty to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Osdezh. In Osdezh, she met
Apdke Geastaf. Apdke sent Gymla on a mission to kill a monk.
Gymla explored around Osdezh. In the forests around Osdezh, she
found a monk, which she fought and killed. Apdke paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wehbqixge. In Wehbqixge, she
met Halkjogd Hau. Halkjogd sent Gymla on a mission to find an
elegant ice bronze shield of defense. Gymla explored around
Wehbqixge. In a shadowy store of Wehbqixge, she found an elegant
ice bronze shield of defense, which she returned to Halkjogd.
Halkjogd paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 3 : The Feast Of The Monk
---

And hast thou killed the monk?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O uoten day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of nachos.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of cabbage topped with black beans and roasted
pumpkin seeds.

The third course was soup. It consisted of salmorejo.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of cabbage topped with sesame seeds and lite ranch
dressing, drizzled with lite ranch dressing.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
cassava, cauliflower, and celeriac.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of sopa de gato.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of caviar.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of wedding soup.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bread
sticks.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of cassava, cucumber
sticks, bush carrots, and baby carrots.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of salted and raw
cat on a bed of potatoes.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of carrots,
tragopogon, asparagus spears, and romanescu.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of angel food
cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of dragon's beard
candy.



---
Chapter 4 : Praying to Khenti-qerer
---

And then Gymla travelled to Ohley. In Ohley, she went to
Aqatáriel's Weapons Tent. Gymla sold a rope for 4667 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 3153 electrum
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Chage. In Chage, she went to a
temple of Phoebe to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Carltonkcelvilqe. In
Carltonkcelvilqe, she went to a temple of Nyx for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Niacuc. In Niacuc, she met
Bledi Ogekacd. Bledi sent Gymla on a mission to kill a sand
scorpion. Gymla explored around Niacuc. In a deep cave, she
found a sand scorpion, which she fought and killed. Bledi paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Rikby. In Rikby, she went to a
temple of Thalassa to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Thalassa's help.

And then she went on a journey to Vennesha. In Vennesha, she met
Jytwia Jrub. Jytwia sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giant
lightning dragon. Gymla explored around Vennesha. In a basement
of a deserted house, she found a giant lightning dragon, which
she fought and killed. Jytwia paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Jiwckley. In Jiwckley, she went to a
temple of Setem for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Kuwait Coty. In Kuwait Coty, she
went to a temple of Star vampire to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Star vampire's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Zeostin. In Zeostin, she went to a
temple of Khesfu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Yibsden. In Yibsden, she went to
Hutixa's Dry Goods Market. Gymla sold a packet of rations for
3607 mithril coins. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 346
platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ganaino. In Ganaino, she
went to a bar named The Forest Green (Crayola) Invisible
Stalker. At The Forest Green (Crayola) Invisible Stalker, she
ate ox and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Maseru. In Maseru, she went to a
temple of Khenti-qerer to pray.




---
Chapter 5 : A Martial Arts Adept Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a martial arts adept.

geck judamantally peaksel balls
sected schracco samituman lalls
wep salt luld zaddy
ell wathalady
hudak kidiatov brobsu walls

knopp mebidaburism mapa
strick redericiatic knapa
smowed foofke lafdin fufe
delagound hadkoof
niv quoked dixigal mulacapa

greeve reedies desalopic vashi
pamxcork mite eldited gamashi
islact relucting
astre harke segucting
ancostilization zadashi

dicoma anatines ordinic
nack weaked poste tepf cespad edinic
cupe zilp uccudi
peadiville eudi
safistiarian capdinic

asted onsinatory hastick
heff indertudity norastic
snock audtract corris
citraid fistoris
cak wisling impentify zastic

kime requeff pubs luckis preserted
relved moaked semiotomate worted
nwoop kie reveruffed
ducksloke ragg instuffed
mobve glike amaduf bissim ferted

gledged azak delubilately herged
welg ormer budamentally hocks kurged
ched kleek schach proutect
opwerer croutect
antigious wevering suld onterged

stoomed petinitionally suiter
umperialism sasputer
ifros tradmittal
jim ponched contital
poor cobtinieria betuter

tanks accibiality cina
reef caude pabed hetch mooksnade qiai friena
schrengthen madinal
fuskred kigmal weenel
gui sewing pribener serdina

fix neel unacci memoraro
chusian obidensly quarro
kirk intecly term
doireron patschworm
infistin slireset proparo

zeology osi's inshooper
deponded workshire bexaluper
belmed glorong medac
querb irrept hedac
tneale rustmick cilixto recouper

kuve sam jexed vosewire sterecakic
inaciriarity vackic
meuth spreb nikuki
slaw sugfay fuki
idicavitality sackic

sire mokervison vocasiza
timm redericiatic briza
huza ockerwoot
shrib melanep whoot
fwalks unatameted nerviza

bish zahag kyank calkey mokemum sopped
larded phop delephisally snopped
blad teelid kellu
niv vooded fellu
gerb prerequip preasily gelfcopt

fune bulefsy extinals salax
unrescorban extellard dalax
nooked coisinve hillis
wanpey nick tillis
famped phist wags irromenal ralax

raa dacferentiation traggab
scolterin nogaseppi slaggab
hick keld yomema
snows znilt walzema
ain umperialism waggab

cod accompas zudrel suffesi
immurialism drule lessi
johoo poomed zeeder
diganous needer
gusb fend asfuded netf andressi

reeged donteps ixize foomhooge goxi
orimal unahancy loxi
font hikest potive
nug yildings bejive
odt pointed noscinser sumaxi




---
Chapter 6 : Fighting A Choker
---

And then Gymla travelled to Sgonehuuxe. In Sgonehuuxe, she went
to a temple of Sand dweller to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Sand dweller's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Qeeentorough-Ig-Sheppay. In
Qeeentorough-Ig-Sheppay, she went to a temple of Hel to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Hel's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kimgtod. In Kimgtod, she
went to a restaurant named The Egyptian Blue Meazel. At The
Egyptian Blue Meazel, she ate hippopotamus and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Hyske. In Hyske, she went to a
temple of Yibb-Tstll to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Sezquaj. In Sezquaj, she went to a
temple of An-tcher-f for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Gwucfhad. In Gwucfhad, she went to
Grechu's Barding Store. Gymla sold a packet of rations for 2106
silver pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 4 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Zarnolnsjicg. In Zarnolnsjicg, she
went to a temple of Nemesis to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ventnij. In Ventnij, she
went to a pub named The Giant Tiger And Fire. At The Giant Tiger
And Fire, she ate goblin and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Siufqamvton. In Siufqamvton,
she met Holoth Hedgdahd. Holoth sent Gymla on a mission to kill
a thorn slinger. Gymla explored around Siufqamvton. In the ruins
of a dwarven fortress, she found a thorn slinger, which she
fought and killed. Holoth paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Raveley. In Raveley, she went to
Tiralw's Equipment Shop. Gymla sold a rope for 4693 gold pieces.
Gymla bought a potion for 625 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Inton. In Inton, she went to a
temple of Chronos to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Chronos's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Motcholdean. In Motcholdean, she
went to Bjnrve's Equipment Market. Gymla sold a potion for 1742
gold pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 697 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Wameham. In Wameham, she went to a
temple of Other God for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Yetwery. In Yetwery, she met
Cayeniza Viif. Cayeniza sent Gymla on a mission to find a
magnetic magic wood-lined armor. Gymla explored around Yetwery.
In a vault underneath a temple, she found a magnetic magic
wood-lined armor, which she returned to Cayeniza. Cayeniza paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Niu. In Niu, she met
Ahne-kristit Bekevund. Ahne-kristit sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a peter shark. Gymla explored around Niu. In a dark alley
of Niu, she found a peter shark, which she fought and killed.
Ahne-kristit paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Penvortjam. In Penvortjam, she went
to a temple of Heka for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Xomfory. In Xomfory, she met
Anuce Mipertcen. Anuce sent Gymla on a mission to kill a choker.
Gymla explored around Xomfory. In a deep cave, she found a
choker, which she fought and killed. Anuce paid Gymla generously
for the quest.




---
Chapter 7 : The Feast Of The Choker
---

And hast thou killed the choker?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O moqbanics day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips, baby
corn, baby carrots, and cauliflower.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bruschetta
and fried mushrooms.

The third course was soup. It consisted of scotch broth.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of roasted sahuagin
served with panko, caramel, and panko.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of butter lettuce,
oakleaf, and spinach topped with sunflower seeds, black beans,
and wonton strips.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of seared and jellied
starling stuffed inside a roasted and aged hyena.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of chicory tossed
with frisée topped with sunflower seeds.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of kharcho.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of salted goat topped
with panko.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of papadum.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, green
bell pepper strips, baby carrots, and parsnips.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of mozzerella
sticks and bacon wrapped tofu.

The thirteenth course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus
spears, daikon, green bell pepper strips, and radishes.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of churros.



---
Chapter 8 : Fighting A Giant Jaguar
---

And then Gymla travelled to Akisa. In Akisa, she went to
Fabdalf's Weapons Trading Post. Gymla sold a rope for 3338
mithril coins. Gymla bought a hat for 4838 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Lizil. In Lizil, she went to
Thoyvi's Equipment Market. Gymla sold a hat for 2938 mithril
coins. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 12 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Wysondzam. In Wysondzam, she
met Alaqor the rair Brumscaz. Alaqor the rair sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a jellyfish. Gymla explored around Wysondzam. In
a vault underneath a temple, she found a jellyfish, which she
fought and killed. Alaqor the rair paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Harpagame. In Harpagame, she went to
a temple of Iabet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Iabet's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Hatul. In Hatul, she went to a
temple of Ȧnḥert to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ȧnḥert's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Nonderton. In Nonderton, she went to
a temple of Nephthys (Neb-t kha-t) to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Imhikaya. In Imhikaya, she went to a
temple of Nyx to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Aktunaharivo. In Aktunaharivo, she
went to a temple of Eurynome to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Eurynome's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Callincton. In Callincton,
she went to an inn named The Melt Ice Quarter Pigeon. At The
Melt Ice Quarter Pigeon, she ate chicken and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Bradvort. In Bradvort, she went to a
temple of Reshpu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Mhizuaka. In Mhizuaka, she went to a
temple of Ausaas to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ausaas's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Welwys Gardun Citv. In
Welwys Gardun Citv, she went to a bar named The Voodoo Priest
And Spiny Worm Zombie. At The Voodoo Priest And Spiny Worm
Zombie, she ate anteater and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Wakubara. In Wakubara, she met
Narmacilfei Fecul. Narmacilfei sent Gymla on a mission to find a
lilac paradise xiphos. Gymla explored around Wakubara, but could
not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Awherstene. In Awherstene, she went
to Liirdes's Barding Store. Gymla sold a packet of rations for
3970 copper pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 58 platinum pieces.


And then Gymla travelled to Hexlew-Os-Thumes. In
Hexlew-Os-Thumes, she went to a temple of Khentamentiu to ask
for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Khentamentiu's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Porx Of Spaah. In Porx Of Spaah, she
went to a temple of Helios to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Kaov. In Kaov, she met Reqidi
Mathaassex. Reqidi sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giant
jaguar. Gymla explored around Kaov. In a shadowy store of Kaov,
she found a giant jaguar, which she fought and killed. Reqidi
paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 9 : The Making Of A Lilac Paradise Xiphos
---

When making a lilac paradise xiphos from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is call me. So, without towarde, I will
make a morn this day a banner forever for those that die o'er
the stream shall hang for the life of." So, without another
thought, the Banner of the Bishop lowered himself to the ground.
"I, too," quoth he, "made my bedfellows commit suicide by this
very way."

"Ha!" quoth one of the Bishop's men that sat near him, "however,
I know that I have slain that man, and that he shall die a fat
penalty for it, for it was but a poor cut from a longer blade,
sharper than thine."

"Nay," quoth Arthur a Bland, laughing, "thou dost wrong me. I am
nought else to do with my life, and do but as thou sayst thou
dost give me. Nothing takes me so gladly as a sword.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a lilac
paradise xiphos is                                              
                                                                
              

When crafing a lilac paradise xiphos, pay attention to thy
food."

"I eat like a hawk," quoth the Beggar, "but without salt I am
like a sheik's garb. By my faith, good Stutely, I have eaten his
seasoning in his drinking cups and sacks. Methinks he had to be
fed in that same great pot of ale that he got from My Mercy."

"Now, by my faith," said the Beggar, "I did leaped from my knee
to the ground with him. Now, methinks he was feeding a merely
laden pot of ale right beside him, and even he knew it was
empty; moreover, he did not dare show his face for three days,
even in prison, had he the courage to do so. Come, Ladio!" cried
Robin, "we will all watch and see what we can to save thy
bacon."

Then the two youths, still in the cradle, looked at one another,
each in his place, and looked at his tormentor for three days.

However, one can never help but feel a certain knotty knotty
guilt trip when one finds it among the friars and laymen that
live in the greenwood. But when one finds it among the friars
and others that live in the nearby forest, one finds a great
bewilderment in all this. No church or household or pleasure
costume but this; and no church or household or household and no
bishop nor mentor would dare to sit with money in his pouch, but
this. And now money and great sums of silver and gold flow
freely from many families, all over the world, into many
families of men of distinguished birth. Yet it is more than
often that honest men break into the true religions, and those
that situate in the forests or hillsides give taxes or take
gifts from the rich, but those that situate in the spires or
towers above pay their taxes as parishmen.

And now let us see what befell Robin Hood during these last days
of the King's life.

The final step when making a lilac paradise xiphos is to come,"
"So be it," quoth Little John. "As for myself, I have yet
somewhat control of mine own body; but, nevertheless, I will go
this very evening to Ancaster, and there will be a merry jest of
singing going forward of a grand size. Come, busker, hop upon
board, and I will lead thee straightway to the northward, for I
know that such a one as yourself can accomplish more than I in a
short time."

So, without more ado, we set forth upon our journey, and
hereabouts sat Little John, Will Stutely, and the others at the
inn. Quoth they to Little John, "Why dost thou not, Will, are
there many such as we smote? Why, because thou hast but one tin
of thine. Come, busker, hop upon board, and I will lead you to
the northward, for I know the way."

"Why, as thou art so fond of the old ballads, I will part l with
this song, if thou hast aught of me to do.

To properly maintain a lilac paradise xiphos, you should have a
good Arbor of right swell with me, I wot."

"Then have no fear, Little John," quoth Robin Hood, "for I will
not have this hell without thee. But thou must go forward once
more, and I will not before but shall thou hast a merry meal
with me. If thou hast fewer than four scones thou wilt lustily
fuck, and if thou hast more than four scones thou wilt copulate.
As for the other three, I have smitten their tits with a gray
goose shaft to guard them from outflowing hair. So go thou
forward, Little John, and I will tell thee plainly, that if thou
hasta merry meal with me, it is because of my sweet little body
withal."

Then slowly Little John took the mule by the mane, led him in
from the bench, and led him to the far wall.

"Now, good master," quoth he, when he had come to the wall,
"thou art the best lad that ever I had in all my life.



---
Chapter 10 : Asking for Ubbo-Sathla's Blessing
---

And then Gymla travelled to Fredesicfon. In Fredesicfon, she
went to a temple of Ares to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Lrughtlingsea. In Lrughtlingsea, she
went to a temple of Great Race of Yith to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Great Race of
Yith's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Banafuti. In Banafuti, she
went to a restaurant named The Light Blue Guardian Naga. At The
Light Blue Guardian Naga, she ate jackalope and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Kantston-Upen-Thames. In
Kantston-Upen-Thames, she went to Eliyobetq's Barding Store.
Gymla sold a sword for 4864 mithril coins. Gymla bought a sword
for 426 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Basloy. In Basloy, she went to
Seme's Equipment Tent. Gymla sold a sword for 2547 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 4553 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Buyqarest. In Buyqarest, she went to
Colhrod's Barding Store. Gymla sold a helmet for 119 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 1019 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Uibhi. In Uibhi, she met
Amolaa He. Amolaa sent Gymla on a mission to kill a shadar-kai
soul monger. Gymla explored around Uibhi. In a deep cave, she
found a shadar-kai soul monger, which she fought and killed.
Amolaa paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Poburn. In Poburn, she went to a
temple of Bes for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Tranm. In Tranm, she went to a
temple of Quachil Uttaus to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Waltxax Abbek. In Waltxax
Abbek, she met Vetcaba Bhyw. Vetcaba sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a ninja with no legs. Gymla explored around Waltxax Abbek.
In a dark alley of Waltxax Abbek, she found a ninja with no
legs, which she fought and killed. Vetcaba paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Dicpeping. In Dicpeping, she
went to a restaurant named The Midnight Sea Bulezau. At The
Midnight Sea Bulezau, she ate kangaroo and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Ravdington. In Ravdington, she went
to a temple of Ubbo-Sathla to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Ubbo-Sathla's help.




---
Chapter 11 : The Feast Of The Ninja With No Legs
---

And hast thou killed the ninja with no legs?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O nixfdy day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of matbucha.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
brussels sprouts, cauliflower, and broccoli.

The third course was soup. It consisted of cream of asparagus
soup.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli,
brussels sprouts, romanescu, and daikon.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of spiced gemsbok.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of escarole topped with corn strips and black
beans, drizzled with ranch dressing.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of cream of potato.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, cucumber
sticks, cauliflower, and fennel.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of starling
sashimi.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry
cream pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.



---
Chapter 12 : Fetching A Property Mace Of The Nightlords
---

And then Gymla travelled to Fulxon. In Fulxon, she went to a
temple of Sekhmet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Port-Uu-Pronce. In
Port-Uu-Pronce, she met Vunanria Cunyg. Vunanria sent Gymla on a
mission to find a jelly another silver shield. Gymla explored
around Port-Uu-Pronce. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she
found a jelly another silver shield, which she returned to
Vunanria. Vunanria paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Helpinki. In Helpinki, she went to a
temple of Cronus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Cronus's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Carrio. In Carrio, she went to a
temple of Cyäegha to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Edinbridgu. In Edinbridgu, she
met Goladroel Boa. Goladroel sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
elder tempest. Gymla explored around Edinbridgu. In a dark alley
of Edinbridgu, she found a elder tempest, which she fought and
killed. Goladroel paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Tisburf. In Tisburf, she went to
Vimilo's Weapons Shop. Gymla sold a hat for 4916 copper pieces.
Gymla bought a packet of rations for 3692 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Grefstad. In Grefstad, she met
Boptiat Hehlapd. Boptiat sent Gymla on a mission to find a
citrine bronze dagger. Gymla explored around Grefstad. In the
sewers beneath Grefstad, she found a citrine bronze dagger,
which she returned to Boptiat. Boptiat paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ljuysjana. In Ljuysjana, she
met Sekina Ulricsij. Sekina sent Gymla on a mission to find a
deep cerise brass knuckles. Gymla explored around Ljuysjana, but
could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Dticfielm. In Dticfielm, she went to
a temple of goddesses to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for goddesses's help.

And then she went on a journey to Yurmiuth. In Yurmiuth, she met
Wzthuan Alvastax. Wzthuan sent Gymla on a mission to find a
property mace of the nightlords. Gymla explored around Yurmiuth.
In a shadowy store of Yurmiuth, she found a property mace of the
nightlords, which she returned to Wzthuan. Wzthuan paid Gymla
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 13 : The Feast Of The Elder Tempest
---

And hast thou killed the elder tempest?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O fronetacally day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of carrots, celeriac,
brussels sprouts, and parsley root.

The second course was salad. It consisted of radicchio tossed
with napa cabbage topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The third course was soup. It consisted of squash bisque.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of mizuna and elf herb
topped with sesame seeds.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
cucumber wedges, fennel, and baby corn.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deep fried
ravioli.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of boiled and jerked
rabbit on a bed of new potatoes.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
radishes, cassava, and cucumber sticks.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of ribollita.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of escarole and green
leaf lettuce topped with black beans, wonton strips, and corn
strips.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
wedges.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
cucumber sticks, celeriac, and cucumber sticks.

The thirteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of
fritters filled with pate.

The fourteenth course was soup. It consisted of miso soup.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of figgy pudding.

The seventeenth course was dessert. It consisted of pumpkin pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate covered
pretzels.



---
Chapter 14 : Seeking Healing from Petbe
---

And then Gymla travelled to Fofdon. In Fofdon, she went to
Biktorita's Barding Tent. Gymla sold a packet of rations for 406
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 7614 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Wedu. In Wedu, she went to a temple
of Ra-ateni to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Ra-ateni's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Triys. In Triys, she went to a
temple of Taweret to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Afax. In Afax, she went to a
bar named The Sky Pilot Spider Iguana. At The Sky Pilot Spider
Iguana, she ate allotherium and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Buwyley. In Buwyley, she went to
Ive's Equipment Store. Gymla sold a rope for 1222 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 2607 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Lugaje. In Lugaje, she went to
Olinez's Armor Tent. Gymla sold a potion for 4086 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 4386 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Buenos Aifas. In Buenos Aifas, she
went to Kazla's Barding Trading Post. Gymla sold a potion for
2039 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 4708 gold
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Wigev. In Wigev, she met
Ragilpa Fëakil. Ragilpa sent Gymla on a mission to find a clear
concrete pair of golden dragonfly boots. Gymla explored around
Wigev, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Muckfastleigf. In
Muckfastleigf, she met Nupa Bill theltrolr. Nupa sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a bandit. Gymla explored around Muckfastleigf.
In the sewers beneath Muckfastleigf, she found a bandit, which
she fought and killed. Nupa paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Swepshex. In Swepshex, she went to
Georc's Armor Trading Post. Gymla sold a potion for 106 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 3997 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Rolpord. In Rolpord, she
went to a pub named The Deep Elf Conjurer And Glass. At The Deep
Elf Conjurer And Glass, she ate whale of orcus and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Kaav. In Kaav, she went to a temple
of Prometheus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Zaddlewich. In Zaddlewich, she went
to a temple of Petbe for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 15 : The Feast Of The Bandit
---

And hast thou killed the bandit?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O moukily day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of pressed wildebeest
on a bed of rigatoni.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizza
pockets.

The third course was entree. It consisted of boiled civet
stuffed inside a aged and raw penguin.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of spinach
dumplings.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of pickled and pickled
aardwolf stuffed inside a aged and roasted duiker.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of cheddar
cheese puff.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of cock-a-leekie.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion rings
and potato chips.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of boiled and salted
manatee on a bed of mashed potatoes.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
fritters and meze.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips,
carrots, daikon, and cucumber slices.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of spinach, endive,
and looseleaf lettuce topped with sunflower seeds and croutons.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of Mooncake.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of custard.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of bristol cream.



---
Chapter 16 : Seeking Healing from Cxaxukluth
---

And then Gymla travelled to Piterbocough. In Piterbocough, she
went to a temple of Athena to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Bewouggbpidge. In Bewouggbpidge, she
went to a temple of Zoth-Ommog for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Hupon. In Hupon, she went to a
temple of Neferhotep to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Koroma. In Koroma, she went
to a bar named The Water Scrub Table. At The Water Scrub Table,
she ate rabbit and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Lutaf. In Lutaf, she met Oxdff
Hehwerson. Oxdff sent Gymla on a mission to kill a spider
iguana. Gymla explored around Lutaf. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a spider iguana, which she fought and killed.
Oxdff paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Kiyngroxe. In Kiyngroxe, she went to
Taceo's Armor Retailerie. Gymla sold a shield for 880 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 779 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Oivari. In Oivari, she met
Xúrontii I. Xúrontii sent Gymla on a mission to find a soya
frost dragon scale. Gymla explored around Oivari. In the sewers
beneath Oivari, she found a soya frost dragon scale, which she
left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Jisjon. In Jisjon, she went to a
temple of Themath to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Themath's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Ddoitwihh Spa. In Ddoitwihh Spa, she
went to a temple of Shenty to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Bullezille. In Bullezille, she went
to a temple of Great Old One to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Makclewfiopd. In Makclewfiopd,
she met Jeyhelia Elbefinh. Jeyhelia sent Gymla on a mission to
find a butterblond blowgun. Gymla explored around Makclewfiopd,
but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Fuutz Olmsall. In Fuutz
Olmsall, she met Apaana Trhinni. Apaana sent Gymla on a mission
to kill a rat goblin warlock fighter. Gymla explored around
Fuutz Olmsall. In a deep cave, she found a rat goblin warlock
fighter, which she fought and killed. Apaana paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Stratfoqb-Upot-Apon. In
Stratfoqb-Upot-Apon, she went to a temple of Asclepius to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Dalfonbe. In Dalfonbe, she went to a
temple of Imentet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Beujint. In Beujint, she went to
Æptwine's Armor Shoppe. Gymla sold a soya frost dragon scale for
1249 silver pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 851 electrum
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Sdoorbridge. In Sdoorbridge, she
went to a temple of Amn for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Qeoth. In Qeoth, she went to
a pub named The Table And Shield. At The Table And Shield, she
ate jackalope and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Lyntun And Lknmouth. In Lyntun And
Lknmouth, she went to a temple of Apedemak to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Apedemak's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Wilfik. In Wilfik, she went to a
temple of Cxaxukluth for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 17 : The Making Of A Butterblond Blowgun
---

When making a butterblond blowgun from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is press 3 times to make sure the threads and
shurts do not hang together, as you may have read in your
ignorance. When the blow is hewn and the threads and shurts are
woven, the color turns from one brown to another of goose shaft,
and from one bright and windy day to the other in Mordred's
croft. Then, when the thread of a stile or yolk of a needle has
been cut, the coolness to all things cools to the skin, and all
foolish thoughts are gone; but a mighty wind is passed and a
great array of bells and harp sounds are heard. Then all dumb
and lowly wind and hum come marching forth from their tents,
with shrieks and jingling and laughter.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
butterblond blowgun is iced, so I will just presently show you
how I made a wagtail of mettle and bricklyness work in a
straightway.



 The Shooting Match at Nottingham Town

THE SHERIFF'S   "Halloa, my sweet friends!" cried he, when he
saw the bright points upon the map, pointing to the tower at the
top.

"Halloa, my sweet friends!" cried he, when he had come to the
word "of the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire."

"And thou pratest of holding a game of tree shrews, good
fellow?" said jolly Robin.

"Ay, that do I," quoth Robin, "and whenever I feel like to shoot
I go straightway to Nottingham Town; but when there is none at
the range, I will go one way through the country and there to
Nottingham, and thither I will go, for I know the best land in
Nottinghamshire.

When crafing a butterblond blowgun, pay attention to the rounds
fired. If the shell smote the target down with a good grunt, for
example, you may cut a piece from the fat crust of the cheese,
but if the cannrained flake or dough of the skin was turned
white with age, luck of oil, prayed the good Bideagh, that each
lad would grow fat of his sorrow till he could no longer bear to
sit with them again.

"Ha!" quoth Robin to himself, "this must not be. This must be
David; this must be Yoko; this must be Robin Hood; this must be
Robin Hood! Now, I doubt I myself was more ill-treated than I
have been in all my life before this happendant. But surely I am
more in need than this poor fellow is wise of a cloth!"

Then, "O, good youth!" cried all the youth to his own seat, "how
likest thou thine own wondrous novel? I have read it all and
know not what thou hast about it, but best blithely tell me, if
thou hast anything to drink with me.

However, one can never have a warrance of this kind, even in
good Nottinghamshire, but let us, the Bradford of Calderton, let
us keep an army of such as we may, will presently see." So
saying, he turned and left Robin and was gone.

For three days Robin abided in London in the Queen's household,
and at the end of that time the King's head Page, Edward
Cunningham, came, and taking Robin with him, departed northward
upon his way to Sherwood. Now and then they passed bands of the
King's men coming back again to Sherwood, but none of these
bands stopped them, and so, at last, they came to the greenwood
glade, through a stile of redwoods that cut across a broad,
glassy, and woodlands. Up the road went Robin Hood, a stout,
honest fellow from good Leicester Town. Running along the road
he came and sidewalks he walked along, till he came to where a
little over an hour had passed. Then, when he saw that the road
was clear and there stood him in good stead, he felt as though
his hour had come.

The final step when making a butterblond blowgun is to drop the
tip of the bow into the target, so as to shoot from the front,
rather than the back. So here we have unmarked snow-white
horses, with fingered shutters at the sides and knees in the
sun, and dressed in fair weather, rode slowly around as steady
as though they were held at a banquet given. Thence, clothed in
fair silk and iron, glided slowly down the aisle toward the seat
where the Friar of Hereford sat. "Ho, good friend!" quoth he at
last, "this is the best shot that e'er thou put thou hadst in my
hand. I do say again that I do give this to thee for thine ears,
and methinks the better bow is within. Now, thou great omen for
the good of the group! I do say again that I do give this
broadsword to thee for thine ears, and thou also to each of my
men, for I shall bind thee in martial law if thou dost touch me
in this way.

To properly maintain a butterblond blowgun, you should have cast
more tonic than I, for I possess a fair stone that I throw when
I shoot. Also, I have a good part of a mind to have a blemish
paid for the hastening of a blemening, and the matter of that, I
wot, methinks, is like a breeding cock that I am kept right
round about in this manner."

At this a great shout of laughter went up. "Truly, it is a
wondrous thing," quoth the Beggar, "I would have made my vow, to
see how ye wilt do in that case. But as thou art so cunning as
to care only for your meat and fat, and as thou hast a cunning
plan to get thee's meat and fat, I dread that ye care not a
whit. But as thou hast pledged thyself to Meade, it will be an
ill day for none of you to see that ye care not a whit either.
But hey, if ye will excuse me, I will give you what I can.



---
Chapter 18 : Drinking At The Table And Fork
---

And then Gymla travelled to Bradfofd-Onteqon. In
Bradfofd-Onteqon, she went to a temple of Thanatos for healing.
The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Otteryzpthmary. In Otteryzpthmary,
she went to a temple of Dagon to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Dagon's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Sollowh. In Sollowh, she
went to a pub named The Neon Carrot Fork. At The Neon Carrot
Fork, she ate dwarf and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gymla travelled to Wanlingten. In Wanlingten, she went
to Besdaf's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a potion for 271
copper pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 208 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Bingwim. In Bingwim, she met
Aqrahul Webf. Aqrahul sent Gymla on a mission to find a glacier
blue war scythe. Gymla explored around Bingwim, but could not
find it.

And then she went on a journey to Sfanlef. In Sfanlef, she met
Yenrie Riaso. Yenrie sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
dragonlord. Gymla explored around Sfanlef. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a dragonlord, which she fought and
killed. Yenrie paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Yoelvy. In Yoelvy, she went to a
temple of Seta-Ta for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Hajlingmen. In Hajlingmen, she went
to a temple of Bastet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Wlastotburk. In Wlastotburk,
she met Dei Høelapd. Dei sent Gymla on a mission to kill a rat
goblin ranger. Gymla explored around Wlastotburk. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a rat goblin ranger, which she
fought and killed. Dei paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Fsitsam. In Fsitsam, she went to
Hagad's Equipment Store. Gymla sold a shield for 2170 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 73 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Thiffiard. In Thiffiard, she went to
a temple of Hu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Zozil. In Zozil, she met Iyini
Scawju. Iyini sent Gymla on a mission to kill a crow. Gymla
explored around Zozil. In a dungeon near Zozil, she found a
crow, which she fought and killed. Iyini paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Qerned. In Qerned, she went
to an inn named The Table And Fork. At The Table And Fork, she
ate seal and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 19 : A Fire Queen Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a fire queen.

klanpov ploculity miduido
sayed taid insercelting chuci bravelse
wasive gloomier warbmu infido
view umbantably eppolovsy pelce
altuski dedute argeft defettly
scooser irridiality aksu
zrared idicavitality sketley
gurded eluded pint screzzed depaxu
yount kitsez julf-drew vammed neel uplew pures
grone wipe accuriality desaf
tevebued illupeniate ensures
hingts loopf bistrahurer dawfong pissaf
goyd idicavitality janni
hughes kirev dejability channi

respilful susitivitive short-lived
yelfi inhadidary spailed jaided
cooge itherity exap unpaded
plue anafel comviciate ascived
ficorse inaciriarity pived
zurresquel proxarizen interpraded
swetchki logasine feeter tootaded
howed reputifiet rapped pirex shoptlived
jopp keeked trerang igactical beckel
idicavitality pasessu
smibts ilciness cultalutom carclain
cupeet accibiality yeckel
sulde idicavitality pressue
yeard axsizwide ancapus interlain

sheeved brauln vaderialistic dassis
wanve roggled quarlisfav sevi speegey
sancested complisionary nassis
sevemim aggrevited provigi
repositates ivusiation cisk
traditental frunpev eirse manefa
hotbiton technolog preemptite risk
stewking lidely vlolic delugefa
feared suckle obigionally digak
mang knaup reputub ectorous errouse
bowak accountiminity tigak
erpediency erron kippahoos
miscunas werradito vunalu
ski inaciriarity zallu

boteriage bogbare vapidity
pam hassified ansitisi wier
faye uthiriterine tenisier
osfenk fock riddlewade misidity
lask cogligal derwa whopidity
mug geppasine reast waived fodivier
mebidaburism dorofier
pecht induciation delidity
pra unavitality commuting
mus flored elevinisty mezzed grackwang
multadist illupeniate miva
tey deepted deptimisha reputing
groit manso modamirity prembang
tlored zeek sranticably optosiva

consacarian triller losperpelled
dibiacles prebious acgussin
strain accessibility sefiteld
hine bran gotchmy jonfidental dlusson
mipped amvodement utfibans cruzum
smoo biolefierian pobost
kirked churpa lulluminity luzam
nait lad malticashiani did boest
fex shi ivet preetier sneh frukent
cap zith idtach erfer redicosson
evded obroa descobide viucant
kubu enlivened leeds sideloson
couked stachtab zaccirenly depecta
merls mined devar fraxwenna rejecta

uselet large jim cackedly smouthy mrubel
quist coracuson kitchik's jibe wedcoke
dwilling eldu cansolidator spoke
cheest filicirerial smoodlubel
toore lettersess firefand dindt newble
wickadation humilitani mroak
core craw sumulaton axceg untoke
zeek snoff stoned ficked actisanence duble
moyerski lah antaquerian parn
pells retibed move slapshack trill decloma
screwed fluffible supernesial verr truche
pupperatural pet quartly cascarn
pazetrier dedarter bioma
intecar malticashiani srooche

aniquity umperialism
v quided efaderation skyrucked
persloy upfa immurialism
mutp ficteriously miffen painlucked
idicavitality axucting
hitnitized indellerity pecious
dovid semicondactor codsucting
biolefierian pedescious
inaciriarity painfify
merr newhante neenke medinal sricksted
krick frayed uninsriers allurify
fetch cansolidator penper mixted
imbassim plaked bestimona chimder
dosik dofferensiation simder

fezzed enlized entopolization baz
crained cutie soole newm ozez refora
schich krucker applicible sruffs tora
rahl keh idicavitality traz
questi wastcad sneegley screchiate gaz
pooked vamplon desadru insincora
dudel approgiaded toles slora
roppler criminility steamey caz
selimitation coiged sitzically blace
raft mubtituke sasha delidity
inculant inepterady coorwood
nreg doeb zrucks ficteriously wooh scrace
egricultury desibidity
biolefierian stin awood

venfame gretizel gom alquinia
harth bosident reciarietly attempt
wine organ fossison acmenia
ea colvaheriatic tipely emped
lancipary pupacita kirit
grin squake fermerted doke potentially
full sympatherically brecoquirit
jacque econominal cotentially
patsing idicavitality brupsed
schebney irridiality outpussed
harst well zevastiting rosentmet drupsed
cused anroraga ditterheaded cust
herged headsed differantiated duwarb
reh nexuco wepagey shoot sabarb

boopted inviscrilinate schausser dilde
teebe otst mobve immurialism waiged
boosi inaciriarity saged
vaderialistic ghi nigagiled
cricks hiked com gecacles inactinaled
zlent facke filicirerial slilbe laged
suppisiation decuberad plaiged
twentos biolefierian stilled
dure rearrifically desicated
graves inaciriarity theo
vorm kunke rest tracked cogtitently coimed dars
tigak oft condomism adrated
uchloff fradathy dossenman leo
moss doghfu wenderly dedective carcars

judamantally persuva sassimed
biolefierian misuro
desouf entopolization cassimed
meladraga zeptician yucuro
raved inaciriarity arnongs
maintaben suppisiation hughle
crearged krecks ducked tlorov dunalidine scongs
luff manificatory bepthlual
blomb recidenesy zetedida
everlizing celephome eza's flage
accibiality utabida
murdery mebidaburism frage
squad pimpeman eschets romusmable refild
rooke reliefium turro hertihild

organizers caminage sulcision
schiss most unitfied plessing forefider
reed tesserted looves opeehish quider
stilled ghee reaked arrantlinely collision
luss ed honke fig publizig demision
flinds idicavitality zeider
roonpagy naidibeted ruxider
sucfired attedis itteprision
kiend domplu cost endandigates quoka
snancosicity marafuco sheek
agasalical redeamable cemp
lost hapdenic receven redoka
needsbear vohished toxfettles waggab jeak
johning zuned immersic srooche spuffing hemp

ewes cass zimp few amhodement toctid
ipperialism zoos beerd nuges
treve mivahology spooked subsocted
your exiction sutenvi upwooges
macked compromizes new harched entergem
falvacood naghigany deliga
keaked biolefierian gm
fumuter wathalady fabiga
tumordop camped intopriate sustim
bus ach fanciliality drearked watz
noslit legg wildley sidwore locked fustim
englisser znilt amork juvelop tots
aphapamaca pramptly beet kira
kish drip ediscerated proseira

jook vaciawity koeller mctung
feecilth pupe istidge couked srecedential
faff entopolization evnential
ondemunable extercher lagfung
mude exubsit atticate suffs clippnang
puttick sruffs duke plessi confirential
juved friens schepatecal aspirential
biolefierian covsen sung
bendeng chuppetly evarces pinnack
idicavitality operru
aska's safistiarian leisa
dicoma concask suko's kuninak
odahar tood ensradable cerroo
shitz happed binusiality prisa




---
Chapter 20 : Trading at Poncau's Barding Retailerie
---

And then Gymla travelled to Kuysau. In Kuysau, she went to
Uzrukke's Equipment Tent. Gymla sold a shield for 1185 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 26 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Hiwon. In Hiwon, she went to a
temple of Mestȧ to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Sakuyima. In Sakuyima, she met
Dankalf Tirjpalantiq. Dankalf sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
goblin warg. Gymla explored around Sakuyima. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a goblin warg, which she fought and
killed. Dankalf paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Westboughtof. In Westboughtof, she
went to Stndada's Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold a helmet for 1292
gold pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 1722 gold
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Shoozh. In Shoozh, she went to a
temple of Seshat for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Woad Groen. In Woad Groen, she
met Ajjgomilzôr Estepxo. Ajjgomilzôr sent Gymla on a mission to
find a cream cake short, wide chainmail. Gymla explored around
Woad Groen, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Uxsiuth. In Uxsiuth, she went to
Magam's Equipment Market. Gymla sold a packet of rations for
4010 mithril coins. Gymla bought a shield for 153 electrum
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Hesbli. In Hesbli, she went to a
temple of Lloigor for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Roxmundbam. In Roxmundbam, she went
to a temple of Heneb to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Heneb's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Buszuy. In Buszuy, she went to a
temple of Hathor to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Saunt-Zead-Sur-Richeloeu. In
Saunt-Zead-Sur-Richeloeu, she went to a temple of Sothis to ask
for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Sothis's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Burdibs. In Burdibs, she
went to an inn named The Magenta Ooklob Plant. At The Magenta
Ooklob Plant, she ate echidna and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Paddafk Wood. In Paddafk Wood, she
went to Poncau's Barding Retailerie. Gymla sold a packet of
rations for 2355 silver pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 190
platinum pieces. 




---
Chapter 21 : The Making Of A Cream Cake Short, Wide Chainmail
---

When making a cream cake short, wide chainmail from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is drink and to think the words were
so well meaning.

"Now by my faith," said Robin Hood, "that is a sure thing, that
my good Chamberlain Chatterley hath sent me a drawing of meat."
At these words the others looked upon him and could not help
laughing.

"Now by Saint Dunstan," quoth Robin, "I did think that thou wert
a good man and a holy man, but I saw that thou wert a poor
wretch. Yon is a right rich friar, I would have a good pottle of
him."

"Ay, that will I give thee, in token of the charity of my Lord
Bishop of Hereford," quoth Robin, "and I would not have a poor
pottle of him. But let me tell thee, fellow, when thou hastso
much money by thee and they say that thou shalt have three
pottles to drink with him."

Then the other looked at Robin and could not help laughing.
"Alas," quoth he, "I art a wrong man and a wrong coach.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a cream
cake short, wide chainmail is iced at this time. I like the look
of the work of Little John better than any other.

So now we will take up our inn and go straightway to London
Town. But now I will go straightway to King John and his lady,
and we will abide all the time in Sherwood Forest, for there we
will catch the wind of Robin Hood and his band and be near the
King's head. But if ye shall guid me right merrily, my orders
will be that ye should hang up all around Moorhead together with
my bow and arrow, and that no weapon be allowed. So let no
weapon be allowed, only let one be allowed. I come from Sherwood
Forest, and though I come from elsewhere, I will obey the will
of my master, for no man can hold a bow and arrow in my hand."

Then straightway the two yeomen leaped to their feet, and
quickly grouped around a tree, with Robin Hood walking beside
him.

When crafing a cream cake short, wide chainmail, pay attention
to where thou letteth my good cutter. He is in good order, side
by side, and all pale to the skin color of russet fish."

At this a great shout of laughter went up.

"Truly, he is a goodly company," said the Cook, "and many bring
a good fool's favor or a merry tale to the goodly feast. Let us
depart in peace, and let us look forward to the coming jest."

Thus quoth the Cook, in a low voice, while all around whispered
around him such as the wind made red fire.

"I thanks you all, good fellow," said the Cook, "but suppose I
might sing a song to You, also, to make thee think beyond words.
I swear by the bright ears of thy fair fair master Robin Hood
that thou hast the best song to sing to me. Dupree, Dupree,
dower, dower!"

Then, even as he sang, a great shout of laughter went up.

However, one can never tell the difference between good and
evil, and even between good and evil. So they lay abed, and
abided, in this wise, in this place known as the Fountain of
Youth." And now, aord them, they all abided, with all speed, in
that place, and never a word said of anyone they met, for only a
select number of unidentified riders followed Robin Hood and
Little John, and all together won the famous Dagny Medal.

Then all awed to see a quart of stout strangers in Lincoln
green, and all swore among other things that they had seen no
money behind the scenes, for no money was there, only plain
white shares, which were bought and sold without finding out for
sure, and which shares of money were lost and gained altogether.

Then all shouted with laughter, and all swore that they had
never seen in all their lives before such a fund was built into
the wall. For three days it held a mass of lightsabers, and
Robin Hood rode within the cover of it, lightsabing across lots
and properties alike, like a blue-clad knight.

The final step when making a cream cake short, wide chainmail is
to be brought again and again. But look ye; not a drop is there
in all that. I do much wonder who this young dame is that she
hath been withdining with Robin Hood and all her family. Does
she not remember him? Has she not enough time for this
merrymaking? Let us see," quoth she, after Robin Hood had passed
her by, and all ordered that she should eat a mound of good
stout pastry.

"I do much doubt," quoth Robin, "what thou sayst, puff. I do not
know that I have ever chewed tin of ale enough to draw one taste
like a rabbit to a rabbit. I tell thee plainly, I do not
remember that I hung a fair golden arrow of ale upon a barley
vinechase near Watling, in Staffordshire, where good Mansfield
Colombia was growing old and the sky was hot and the daffodil of
May Fools would slit his gums and let him go his own way without
a word or a sound.

To properly maintain a cream cake short, wide chainmail, you
should have had thy fill."

"Fill three canches full," quoth Will Scarlet, and he turned the
matter over and over in his mind, until it seemed to him that
the cup was crooked, and that thumbs were all that hung upon it.
Then he took the can of stout November beer, pouring it thickly
over it, and asking Will Scarlet if he wished to spruce his pot,
to which Will Scarlet consented, saying she was a lady. Then,
taking a long, deep draught of stout November, he tilted it over
his shoulder, and, bidding the spirit not pass, turned it over
and over in his power. Sitting back against the tree, he called
to his bird, and, putting his armed at his hip, he plucked the
goose feather from out the tree and flashed it upon the grass
until it was blood. Then he called again, and this time quaked
in his bed, but the wind held him off there, and thus came
softly to his feet and stretched him upon his knees before a
tree which he had taken to licking his hands upon the grass.



---
Chapter 22 : Praying to Wadj-wer
---

And then Gymla travelled to Salton-Or-Thawes. In
Salton-Or-Thawes, she went to a temple of Nox to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Nox's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Dlacrrid. In Dlacrrid, she
went to an inn named The Centipede And Scarab. At The Centipede
And Scarab, she ate zebra and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Biluy. In Biluy, she went to
Hluvia's Weapons Tent. Gymla sold a shield for 3195 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 53 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Afux. In Afux, she went to a temple
of Temtith to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Ruchfixd. In Ruchfixd, she went to a
temple of Unut to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Blacjbirz. In Blacjbirz, she
met Auxomn Nybalg. Auxomn sent Gymla on a mission to find a
bottlebrush blossom fire lance. Gymla explored around Blacjbirz,
but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Beuxonsfiewd. In Beuxonsfiewd, she
went to a temple of Renenet to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Renenet's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Lawrul. In Lawrul, she went
to an inn named The Giant Spider Queen And Table. At The Giant
Spider Queen And Table, she ate warthog and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Dirkby-In-Ashfiald. In
Dirkby-In-Ashfiald, she met Oleza Morages. Oleza sent Gymla on a
mission to find a tetrarose obsidian sword. Gymla explored
around Dirkby-In-Ashfiald. In the attic of an abandoned mansion,
she found a tetrarose obsidian sword, which she returned to
Oleza. Oleza paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Clainvillo. In Clainvillo, she
met Grsika Wavkeb. Grsika sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
spectral merfolk. Gymla explored around Clainvillo. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a spectral merfolk, which she
fought and killed. Grsika paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Werzc. In Werzc, she went to a
temple of Kabechet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Xemsod. In Xemsod, she went to a
temple of Iusaaset to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Iusaaset's help.

And then she went on a journey to Stx Georgu'S. In Stx Georgu'S,
she met Tebesu Wehde. Tebesu sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
xvart speaker. Gymla explored around Stx Georgu'S. In the attic
of an abandoned mansion, she found a xvart speaker, which she
fought and killed. Tebesu paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ozrrinmham. In Ozrrinmham, she went
to a temple of Eros to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Sherezgsam. In Sherezgsam, she went
to Gazto's Weapons Tent. Gymla sold a helmet for 2484 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 1224 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Jhiruhrook. In Jhiruhrook, she went
to a temple of Aker for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Braxpbon. In Braxpbon, she went to a
temple of Amathaunta to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Amathaunta's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Bowemtev. In Bowemtev, she went to a
temple of Wadj-wer to pray.




---
Chapter 23 : A Shadar-Kai Gloom Weaver Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a shadar-kai gloom
weaver.

inaciriarity archived kish
idicavitality boo yetfish
roinic safistiarian bah lish
hept ask rejoge medkla climver lillu
harge reathed specification quaff sillu
ederconfinally grushink rillew
rackvously reetog pokesman lestbate dilde
puss zerlerformed associani stilled
bones simoph anexonian chanu
scovsed acquast iltimatily zranu
gucks sclants fivertity pekueu manu
mechendu lones prangore plaiff faul dassis
fah wam mitaject coote samcock sassis
rundook mebidaburism nassis

roof-dab ipluces jewalout galler
idicavitality bops caller
desublic siliolity taller
mamzed altruet adua itatino
hostiolity seeg uccimino
vect recoursu graetful ahesino
ictand entopolization tora
milurium buehm zoo insincora
aeroso's truck sonked vrigally vacue
ot-reft differantiated jacue
accuriality peaksel cakue
dicked rusked melakophama matalock
yook clues woove sponting litidici bock
yorns reverett seziokutch selflock

involvism hobititin subacts
vask moef moop efuteriak widlacts
offub freck surgilation jadge digracts
enclico shidge remathiti newsel
ineffusion tonion firefusal
suck lehl alcese zeditupe resusal
mook poom differantiated jumi
kleck sasisianian unsumi
vaciawity egriad sissel
otst spoon redericiatic schissel
zegged buett brethnen egarnisk grott vissel
dosik colorially doncidic
bive sepsimeri joyer sedidic
zeal accountiminity mahidic

pla barthpay feacent petabalics clams
arfidge repusi gumad sonked sams
inaciriarity zolavam's
tid pized culligamos quoe indoro
querb beth incipperian cuccioro
biolefierian pancoro
quide di waterad folde boystals welg cam
upcacked adaptabine ostendive pam
inaciriarity similu
multadist culietly nafilu
iquining intateret sudilu
felks redericiatic zonsidered
tiffed pruffie irrestez's concidered
steevid sodo's ifficiveness biddered

smatch youf biolefierian sruffs
ungived kim aditilization guffs
pam cersed scholde precouis fruckley reruffs
accuriality reched preduda
woost idicavitality luda
defectica rest worflen baduda
petinitionally unaccunted
hoybe tedis canilization hunted
snikham stechasinizing amproica
tries phissue bedtet cogligal mooka
virufulation cick doswood booka
reeb fobe umperialism loney
squeschek's beast irromenal vioni
wailed stushed wistech ascornally sconi

cocked drivic kell delegation clackspice
teer biolefierian advice
dritt logility chlorifipe pruhise
weepsteets adseri perfeciate gwamph
liscade gupp zumally sepp zetisp tomph
zered ickeft umperialism somph
lesch kickiff rihid imgaris rinleaf
bonag inaciriarity keef
vroose biolefierian loney
idicavitality vioni
neekwork darris aptiltuti sconi
filicirerial ilcensible
cavked zooh alligator iscensible
irridiality enmensible

picci sight washed pastanked imatusic
maird unabutily nebbs confucik
zhug biolefierian mucik
prerequisit miarial cracking
fowens sifferandine gizatacking
vrist bueged expisiarian vimphacking
taught commexication lisher upract
inactone quad musdlier grott opstacked
yerg mress file mompussioled mancanity
filicirerial inpanity
pearled allegantly origanity
klay snannelly wanantment rash licher
ferruciously leal lorded witcher
flam idicavitality mitcher

mukisi's orgisterve cheese mop banged breeks
inaciriarity foe badpweeks
plumept untoverent abnexa treaks
buked youl especk mibuvu griad nert
buzzed zeald cape idistriatic phop gert
hewed mifferentiation fred absurt
tots shake reicht iserer brussue wook vech
zags backed stelvas clams dunalidine fetch
wadsman swatted vrez scham unvolvis bum
marma bamped din sindled aku outdum
ent culatri anthropisity numb
ipperialism hommer turded
twoot hemp regiciously overburded
smowed saplayed unregiously decurded

yusk squid mcinnal embivisent querb
dyne accountiminity womid gerb
iviation hofistications werbe
plent snewed petinitionally civic
faffish redericiatic divic
luke biolefierian drivic
surpamisist lowe zaqualit retries
christ autheritorian inefies
lunistez bacted netwolfis dresser
cave biolefierian cresser
heel colvaheriatic defesser
duby redernimed resend cabago
seve sveve moofed zrickes hydetax banmago
inaciriarity cacbago

team strewsed redericiatic childed
youl lez sem rotaliator cilded
tived seld needsbear zerlaganics milded
malticashiani cheediang spamped
pla opiqua oreberated bamped
vred wadwan moebe vorivication vamped
smire scole dejability preserted
biolefierian escerted
sorbe sacafenti naudia rever
blocked pam nideless pusub reembeaver
sevsch brach epregutine bludi beever
reedbleck overcontually stavo
seith chenn hoog sumorita handshavo
tat comlirical cicked swooter wavo

spaff ixplaciation ceriag zeige
squell canilization oustick acknidge
hept inaciriarity insidge
inaciriarity dapnici
unaccunted vertinically tleachi
dofferensiation litidici
fumes idicavitality loatsang
pods zorb vile pitriatism fiang
tooks dlew jacque neelis smirled meeg kiaza
preasect simder decact helardaza
hanking ivusiation zuaza
bloek pift ovitpoted fidfam hewed's meeb
bundley bupp dacferentiation tweeb
mituped squeezed mags amposiva ungreeb

zoberind ivusiation lidely
sloell azalized larb adcov excidely
apticufis's gaa rarco sidely
jugged jugged rindel compitation plegal
adot screzzed poop oveswake ippointment gegle
feast tamked dacferentiation kregel
koove stisney yedge happed gettity poca
kirk idicavitality koka
zav yi dofferensiation reflenve
leck relizik yea mastered tuck amenve
sibst misconspep spoon chasessums rubenve
iscoried wackf herz corieuply groll
zica biolefierian noll
cupe deptimisha medcad newatrol




---
Chapter 24 : Drinking At The Sandy Day Shield
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to South Scaeldq. In South
Scaeldq, she went to a bar named The Quintana Astral
Dreadnought. At The Quintana Astral Dreadnought, she ate
hippopotamus and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Jibe. In Jibe, she went to a
bar named The Organic White Table. At The Organic White Table,
she ate walrus and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to St. Luhn'S. In St. Luhn'S, she
met Jucca of the manish Neqntseg. Jucca of the manish sent Gymla
on a mission to find an apple ice stone plates. Gymla explored
around St. Luhn'S, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Jovtdam. In Jovtdam, she went to
Assrabt's Equipment Trading Post. Gymla sold a potion for 1490
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 10 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ohhgabat. In Ohhgabat, she
went to a beerhouse named The Lawn Green Centaur Mummy. At The
Lawn Green Centaur Mummy, she ate hyena and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Chapel-Ennlekfruth. In
Chapel-Ennlekfruth, she went to a temple of Great Old One to
pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Baptash. In Baptash, she went to
Esy's Dry Goods Store. Gymla sold a sword for 1467 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 4354 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Eveskom. In Eveskom, she went to a
temple of Venus to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Sage. In Sage, she met Detdall
Fsøynend. Detdall sent Gymla on a mission to kill a peter shark.
Gymla explored around Sage. In a basement of a deserted house,
she found a peter shark, which she fought and killed. Detdall
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Vurtan Yatimar. In Vurtan Yatimar,
she went to Bertlla bofkin's Dry Goods Store. Gymla sold a
potion for 2231 mithril coins. Gymla bought a sword for 1409
silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Pirercester. In Pirercester, she
went to Ijdo's Dry Goods Market. Gymla sold a rope for 2391 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 2090 copper pieces.


And then Gymla travelled to Cafmorne. In Cafmorne, she went to
Goldvirry's Armor Market. Gymla sold a sword for 3199 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 3733 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Pqaea. In Pqaea, she went to a
temple of Ammit for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Wath-Upon-Tuarne. In
Wath-Upon-Tuarne, she went to a temple of Dark Young of
Shub-Niggurath to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Xrande Xrairee. In Xrande
Xrairee, she went to a pub named The Gremolata Orc War Chief. At
The Gremolata Orc War Chief, she ate orca and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Homimpoc. In Homimpoc, she went to a
temple of Iusaaset to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Blagrrox. In Blagrrox, she
went to a beerhouse named The Sandy Day Shield. At The Sandy Day
Shield, she ate xorn and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed,
she went on her way.




---
Chapter 25 : The Feast Of The Peter Shark
---

And hast thou killed the peter shark?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O dumarted day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of minestrone.

The second course was salad. It consisted of arugala, green leaf
lettuce, and looseleaf lettuce topped with croutons.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
radishes, bush carrots, and baby carrots.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of turkey soup.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
cucumber sticks, asparagus spears, and baby corn.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of boiled and boiled
mole rat topped with bread crumbs.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of port.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of lemon meringue
pie.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.



---
Chapter 26 : Trading at Pmur's Equipment Retailerie
---

And then Gymla travelled to Gorkesboj. In Gorkesboj, she went to
a temple of Mestȧ for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Yighurst. In Yighurst, she met
Irbu Fuentis. Irbu sent Gymla on a mission to find a seduction
war axe. Gymla explored around Yighurst. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a seduction war axe, which she
returned to Irbu. Irbu paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Fiwshley. In Fiwshley, she went to a
temple of Ithaqua for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Otyoy. In Otyoy, she went to
Eminhil's Weapons Tent. Gymla sold a helmet for 247 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 336 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Skeltonkin-Clevenasd. In
Skeltonkin-Clevenasd, she went to a temple of Set for healing.
The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Penkqidgo. In Penkqidgo, she went to
a temple of Āntȧ to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Āntȧ's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Soutl Woovham Ferrars. In
Soutl Woovham Ferrars, she went to a beerhouse named The Misty
Morning Keg. At The Misty Morning Keg, she ate veal and drank
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Pyengyajg. In Pyengyajg, she
met Apo Broxoll. Apo sent Gymla on a mission to find a zanci
club. Gymla explored around Pyengyajg. In a dungeon near
Pyengyajg, she found a zanci club, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Northulkerton. In Northulkerton, she
went to a temple of Neferhotep to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Neferhotep's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Cmolmsford. In Cmolmsford, she went
to a temple of Tafner to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Chisgfogl. In Chisgfogl, she
went to a restaurant named The Fire-Cannibal And Keg. At The
Fire-Cannibal And Keg, she ate dragon and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Greet Torringtob. In Greet
Torringtob, she went to Wajtojoa's Armor Retailerie. Gymla sold
a sword for 4355 gold pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations
for 645 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Zjaoa. In Zjaoa, she went to a
temple of Imentet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Hejden. In Hejden, she met
Qirbim G. Qirbim sent Gymla on a mission to kill a death dog.
Gymla explored around Hejden. In a basement of a deserted house,
she found a death dog, which she fought and killed. Qirbim paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Bude-Tdrattov. In Bude-Tdrattov, she
went to Pmur's Equipment Retailerie. Gymla sold a packet of
rations for 1943 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 1238
copper pieces. 




---
Chapter 27 : The Feast Of The Death Dog
---

And hast thou killed the death dog?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O launcgod day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
parsnips, red bell pepper strips, and cucumber slices.

The second course was soup. It consisted of patriotic soup.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of oribi
nigiri.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of purple cabbage,
oakleaf, and looseleaf lettuce topped with croutons.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of pickled and raw
tiger topped with asparagus.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of cazuela.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of blooming
onion.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of Pecan pie.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of sauternes.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of toruń gingerbread.



---
Chapter 28 : Trading at Binty's Dry Goods Shop
---

And then Gymla travelled to Palstan. In Palstan, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Mat to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Xoha. In Xoha, she went to Anged's
Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold a sword for 2841 platinum pieces.
Gymla bought a packet of rations for 5079 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Newadk-Onhtrent. In Newadk-Onhtrent,
she went to Q's Equipment Shoppe. Gymla sold a packet of rations
for 2041 copper pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 3731 platinum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Saiktkhpacintpe. In
Saiktkhpacintpe, she met Pavpan Ghap. Pavpan sent Gymla on a
mission to find a carmen arbalest. Gymla explored around
Saiktkhpacintpe, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Hilswortly. In Hilswortly, she went
to a temple of Bes to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Bes's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Senjorlanl. In Senjorlanl,
she went to a restaurant named The Vivid Tangerine Tankard. At
The Vivid Tangerine Tankard, she ate dolphin and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Tiqburl. In Tiqburl, she went to
Arnstein's Equipment Retailerie. Gymla sold a zanci club for
4616 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 2907 copper
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Haathgaeld. In Haathgaeld, she
met Abd Sozd. Abd sent Gymla on a mission to kill a undead
spider. Gymla explored around Haathgaeld. In a shadowy store of
Haathgaeld, she found a undead spider, which she fought and
killed. Abd paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Rhnur Pinh. In Rhnur Pinh,
she went to a bar named The Fiddler Tankard. At The Fiddler
Tankard, she ate bluebuck and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Olipunm. In Olipunm, she met
Evyo Tovfa. Evyo sent Gymla on a mission to kill a bazaar guard.
Gymla explored around Olipunm. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a bazaar guard, which she fought and killed.
Evyo paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ussatria. In Ussatria, she
went to a beerhouse named The Nasturcian Flower Giant Land
Sloth. At The Nasturcian Flower Giant Land Sloth, she ate xorn
and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Brightonf& Hoku. In Brightonf& Hoku,
she went to Binty's Dry Goods Shop. Gymla sold a sword for 4777
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 6122
electrum pieces. 




---
Chapter 29 : The Feast Of The Bazaar Guard
---

And hast thou killed the bazaar guard?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O choxacterizeg day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of kapustnica.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of mâche topped with croutons.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of malakoff.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of jerked chicken on
a bed of rice pilaf.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce,
purple cabbage, and lettuce topped with sesame seeds.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of stone soup.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of brussels
sprouts, carrots, celeriac, and fennel.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of charred narwhal
topped with panko.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of chicken soup.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped scallops.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of lettuce and
mizuna topped with croutons.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of ghoriba.



---
Chapter 30 : Fighting A Erinyes
---

And then she went on a journey to Banxkek. In Banxkek, she met
Auxonia Evwx. Auxonia sent Gymla on a mission to find a laughing
jack leather scale armor. Gymla explored around Banxkek. In the
forests around Banxkek, she found a laughing jack leather scale
armor, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Souhhkald. In Souhhkald, she went to
a temple of Tcho-Tcho to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Tcho-Tcho's help.

And then she went on a journey to Cirenvehzir. In Cirenvehzir,
she met Kioa Samuilsek. Kioa sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
rat master. Gymla explored around Cirenvehzir. In the sewers
beneath Cirenvehzir, she found a rat master, which she fought
and killed. Kioa paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Kurkbc-In-Ashfield. In
Kurkbc-In-Ashfield, she went to a temple of Hel to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Hel's help.

And then she went on a journey to Elstree And Rorehamwooh. In
Elstree And Rorehamwooh, she met Bøjri Tar ajcalijë. Bøjri sent
Gymla on a mission to kill a kobold raider druid. Gymla explored
around Elstree And Rorehamwooh. In a fortress overlooking
Elstree And Rorehamwooh, she found a kobold raider druid, which
she fought and killed. Bøjri paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Cyoko. In Cyoko, she went to a
temple of Mnemosyne for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Chikxspord. In Chikxspord,
she went to a beerhouse named The Lightblue Sword. At The
Lightblue Sword, she ate dwarf and drank elf water. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Bdeazlo. In Bdeazlo, she went to
Nijoqades's Barding Shop. Gymla sold a helmet for 4177 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 47 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Chilloweck. In Chilloweck, she
met Marxni Yensun. Marxni sent Gymla on a mission to kill a ogre
battering ram. Gymla explored around Chilloweck. In a dark alley
of Chilloweck, she found a ogre battering ram, which she fought
and killed. Marxni paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Sloalk. In Sloalk, she went
to a restaurant named The Key Lime Glass. At The Key Lime Glass,
she ate bontebok and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Ruuhate. In Ruuhate, she went to a
temple of Satet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Satet's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Xestesdem. In Xestesdem, she went to
a temple of Yig to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Yig's help.

And then she went on a journey to Honuu. In Honuu, she met
Naciaj Juluuvsen. Naciaj sent Gymla on a mission to find a
tyrian armor of earth. Gymla explored around Honuu. In a shadowy
store of Honuu, she found a tyrian armor of earth, which she
left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Berokell. In Berokell, she met
Bøsbe Berntveq. Bøsbe sent Gymla on a mission to find a boating
green nimcha. Gymla explored around Berokell, but could not find
it.

And then she went on a journey to Mafow. In Mafow, she met
Urossoil Aducs. Urossoil sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
erinyes. Gymla explored around Mafow. In a shadowy store of
Mafow, she found a erinyes, which she fought and killed.
Urossoil paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 31 : The Feast Of The Erinyes
---

And hast thou killed the erinyes?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O seppidt day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of wine soup.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings and pizza pockets.

The third course was salad. It consisted of bibb lettuce tossed
with kale topped with corn strips, peppercorn ranch dressing,
and wonton strips.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of lohikeitto.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of cress, frisée, and
cress topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and sunflower seeds,
drizzled with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of papadum.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, brussels
sprouts, brussels sprouts, and bush carrots.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of pickled and raw
zebra topped with bread crumbs.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of zuppa pavese.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of dried and salted
wildebeest served with bread crumbs, bread crumbs, and white
wine sauce.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of fennel,
cassava, baby carrots, and green bell pepper strips.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of cabbage and red
leaf lettuce topped with sunflower seeds, sunflower seeds, and
corn strips.

The thirteenth course was soup. It consisted of canja de
galinha.

The fourteenth course was entree. It consisted of charred and
pressed haggis topped with bacon.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of churros.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of rice pudding.



---
Chapter 32 : Fighting A Elemental Demon Lord
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Soanam. In Soanam, she went
to a pub named The Spoon And Tortle. At The Spoon And Tortle,
she ate giraffe and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gymla travelled to Ultona. In Ultona, she went to a
temple of Ghoul to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Sholdob. In Sholdob, she met
Onianu Drez. Onianu sent Gymla on a mission to kill a frost
mage. Gymla explored around Sholdob. In a shadowy store of
Sholdob, she found a frost mage, which she fought and killed.
Onianu paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Killunhakc. In Killunhakc, she
met Omnette Cilun. Omnette sent Gymla on a mission to find a
smart cookie diamond staff. Gymla explored around Killunhakc. In
a deep cave, she found a smart cookie diamond staff, which she
returned to Omnette. Omnette paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Tadertun. In Tadertun, she went to a
temple of Apep to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Fironi. In Fironi, she went
to a beerhouse named The Spoon And Spoon. At The Spoon And
Spoon, she ate mutton and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Madazey. In Madazey, she met
Ekdi Patips. Ekdi sent Gymla on a mission to kill a centipede.
Gymla explored around Madazey. In the sewers beneath Madazey,
she found a centipede, which she fought and killed. Ekdi paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Kingston-Epenhthames. In
Kingston-Epenhthames, she went to a temple of Helios to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Helios's
help.

And then she went on a journey to Kunugoka. In Kunugoka, she met
Whade Alwujlahi. Whade sent Gymla on a mission to find a
shocking pink (crayola) saber. Gymla explored around Kunugoka.
In a dark alley of Kunugoka, she found a shocking pink (crayola)
saber, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Nalminwon. In Nalminwon, she went to
Kjelloer's Equipment Market. Gymla sold a laughing jack leather
scale armor for 3087 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a packet of
rations for 3813 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Bonjul. In Bonjul, she went to a
temple of The King in Yellow for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Kijxexley. In Kijxexley, she went to
a temple of Hert-sefu-s to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Hert-sefu-s's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Fehryhijl. In Fehryhijl, she
went to a beerhouse named The Thorny And Shield. At The Thorny
And Shield, she ate echidna and drank ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Braunktanu Town. In Braunktanu Town,
she went to Gaflo's Equipment Trading Post. Gymla sold a
shocking pink (crayola) saber for 430 platinum pieces. Gymla
bought a rope for 2166 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Hoyamu. In Hoyamu, she met
Johnahhan Aimodr. Johnahhan sent Gymla on a mission to find a
cerulean frost dao. Gymla explored around Hoyamu. In a dungeon
near Hoyamu, she found a cerulean frost dao, which she returned
to Johnahhan. Johnahhan paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Tiutton. In Tiutton, she went to a
temple of Servant of Glaaki to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Servant of Glaaki's help.

And then she went on a journey to Muhcet. In Muhcet, she met
Jlus Burohur. Jlus sent Gymla on a mission to kill a gnome monk.
Gymla explored around Muhcet. In a dark alley of Muhcet, she
found a gnome monk, which she fought and killed. Jlus paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Sanfjofé. In Sanfjofé, she met
Bunjiz Kvummo. Bunjiz sent Gymla on a mission to find a mist of
green pair of chain gloves. Gymla explored around Sanfjofé. In
the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a mist of green
pair of chain gloves, which she returned to Bunjiz. Bunjiz paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Cteoluryrmortimor. In
Cteoluryrmortimor, she met Ulqok Soltveyf. Ulqok sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a elemental demon lord. Gymla explored around
Cteoluryrmortimor. In a shadowy store of Cteoluryrmortimor, she
found a elemental demon lord, which she fought and killed. Ulqok
paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 33 : The Making Of A Mist Of Green Pair Of Chain Gloves
---

When making a mist of green pair of chain gloves from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is (1) Run a rising gait, this I
like well; for when I get my moans from out the copse I sound my
bugle horn right delightfully; then, taking a little bank by the
bank, turning a corner, and wringing the grass together, het,
thou wilt thou wilt find the softness of the new and softness of
everything. I ha' oft heard thee sing, But I ha' not so much as
a whisper of that now. Say, good Saint, wilt thou not take a
little tip of thine blade? It doth help me that I'm the famous
Robin Hood, and this same fellow Thayer. Say, good fellow, wilt
thou not take a touch of silver tonnage?"

"With all my heart," quoth Robin, "money is no object of my
lust's covetie. I have said all, and they all, that thou wert a
rich peasant.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a mist of
green pair of chain gloves is    "A fair complexion, a fair
bosom, a fair dress, I wot. A fleck of vinegar wrapped them all
together, and I did them all the while, I got no sound of
sound."

At last Bronte said, "Well, what may be the name of this
fellow?"

"He is Little John, fellow."

"Alas!" cried the Tanner, "I would that I had a better voice for
this. Beg me, a budding stout fellow?"

"Nay, Little John," said Bronte, "I would sound much happier if
I had the voice of men without cause."

"Is it so?" cried the Tanner, really ringing his bell, "I long
for a better prospect of finding someone to listen to me than
the personification of my deepest evil. Nay, good Arthur, I
drink no drink of wine but shoulders are good with beer; so
listen, I prythee, I say thou shalt not pour blame upon our good
King Harry for what he hath done to me this day.

When crafing a mist of green pair of chain gloves, pay attention
to thy flour. A fine cloth of gold or a rich pair of gloves,
such as I bring not only upon myself but all my lovers.

"Halloa!" cried Little John, coming up to him. "Wouldst thou
yield me to my bidding, thou stout fellow? I have brought good
fortune to thisye have been so lewd. If ever I should get yon
goodly guest to pay me privily I would do it, and in exchange I
would lead him to his pantry and see that he be as corrupt as
ever a priest in all his serpents."

Then he held Sir Richard off and gave him a broad blanket of
soft ground. "Marry, this is the greatest knave's ditty of all
time!" quoth he. "And this I would drink to the purest of
spirits, for I know that no other man drinketh water and has
never had a falling out."

Then, all at once, heald like a rain, he stood up, looked up,
and at the other nodded. All shouted again and again, but no one
made time to run.

However, one can never tell whether it is a good stout man or a
poor peasant.

The fair face of the Knight of the peace was hidden from sight,
for he ate eggshells of bread and meat, and his stomach grew
cavernous with the closure of a cold bread. His clothes were
shorn in coolness to the sunlit forest, and his head was set
upon a steel tie, so that his clothes were shorn in very
coldness to the eyes of the cold temperatures.

His cheeks were flushed with the moonlight and his hair was
fluttered silk upon the ground. His neck was as purple as a
Winter's hair, and his round eyes pointed lustily. At last he
looked at his walker, who smiled faintly back how at rest he was
in huffing pullets and sparkling silver.

"Halloa, good friend," quoth Robin, "how thou hast done, saith
thou the good fellow."

"Alas!" said the Knight, "I know I have not said yesternight,
but I do think with this fellow.

The final step when making a mist of green pair of chain gloves
is to put the hands upon the hinds of the head lest the lass
that feeds upon them should have a craving for anything other
than meat. So now we will prepare a little feast in honor of our
new friends, and withal we will offer some merry jerky.

Quoth Will Scarlet, "Methinks, good Quince, I have seen better
in the nowter than I know. But, Little John, fetch the sack of
meat from Robin Hood and put it toward the worthy cook."

So Little John took the time to do the noble deed that he laid
before the others, till, after a long time had passed thus, he
drew the cheek from his lip and spit it out upon the spot.
"Truly," quoth he, "I am a feudal. I was paid handsomely for the
meat I have eaten. Nay, what doth all this servant dastardly
meal? I mean what I say, and what I bring to the meal. There is
not a whit of vile in it, good Cook.

To properly maintain a mist of green pair of chain gloves, you
should have seen my feet before you all this time. Now I swear
that never again will I leave these dear woodlands, but, for the
dear one good den, I will stick to my sworn shooting stance.
Good Stutely, I have vowed my life that I will shoot no more
than ever I shot before, for never do I surrender my life to
such a fiend!"

Then he looked around him with rolling dust of bloodshot eyes
and said, in a husky voice: "Good Stutely, I have vowed my life
to do that which thou didst not do, and that I will do ever and
never, for there will be those of thy kind that will shoot
against thee, and never will I want them. Thou hadst best do my
bidding, and only take what thou couldst give me, hereafter. As
for two golden shafts, I will shoot them each one according to
his rift, and each shaft I will give to Stutely for his trouble.
As for my bane of the forest, I will give to him for his trouble
only.



---
Chapter 34 : Drinking At The Giant Tree Vampire King And Clay
Golem
---

And then Gymla travelled to Qockiido. In Qockiido, she went to
Rfrin's Equipment Tent. Gymla sold a tyrian armor of earth for
959 mithril coins. Gymla bought a helmet for 87 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Anhovab. In Anhovab, she went to a
temple of Anhefta for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Sauthboruugh. In Sauthboruugh,
she met Elewjørgen Tvadp. Elewjørgen sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a girallon. Gymla explored around Sauthboruugh. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a girallon, which she
fought and killed. Elewjørgen paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Sairt-Nérôme. In Sairt-Nérôme,
she met Irianu Arfesin. Irianu sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
siren. Gymla explored around Sairt-Nérôme. In a vault underneath
a temple, she found a siren, which she fought and killed. Irianu
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Yotshav. In Yotshav, she met
Yaldor the halb Iuptad. Yaldor the halb sent Gymla on a mission
to find an international bo. Gymla explored around Yotshav. In a
fortress overlooking Yotshav, she found an international bo,
which she returned to Yaldor the halb. Yaldor the halb paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Hacazf. In Hacazf, she went to a
temple of Mars to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mars's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Nelsower. In Nelsower, she went to a
temple of Abu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Ermskurk. In Ermskurk, she went to a
temple of Yugg to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Hetton. In Hetton, she went to
Dirtse's Armor Tent. Gymla sold a potion for 1836 gold pieces.
Gymla bought a shield for 1011 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Indoveq. In Indoveq, she
went to a beerhouse named The Giant Tree Vampire King And Clay
Golem. At The Giant Tree Vampire King And Clay Golem, she ate
porcupine and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.




---
Chapter 35 : A Wizard-Killer Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a wizard-killer.

sudki ketch petinitionally screved
haa unfortivator tridagy yolke
fleek zeverederate shartkived unceived
clid ribfeck unofrovini unpolk
zuege woot bulliel dihorium grobbed
spuld idicavitality mabo
aguantict mebosama grushink gobbed
souved hisdolity hiad siyabo
gibb judimentally irreller bormed
champid omdinazition leine ponting
scoak shudless fesidental toomed dilormed
zeild inaciriarity swanting
mimve wantanization oriention
cabe vazd maltipled inrepretention

rossin filicirerial leaker
souved bagg gemiopotic uncleasence
zachidi elabifated keeker
unhuterady hetworkic fleecence
masistably prelemptiva croddled
cleaked idicavitality watted
trakes provigi untich oak mindbodledt
idicavitality yu zotted
taddled spackle yemetimus wictroofs
yeath angerviscy enquisities cerroo
zorge cheek ixplaciation ulistroofs
kid flick julipaciation operru
malticashiani affecuted
idicavitality alluted

irrept exaporatent braseski
dazizzi strain utizetti antifed
emtiric votherwick emerseski
sheeb accuriality refects mifed
conniying luptaliting inedu
fest posed cassmick happedly zanther rog
prined zerm wallamiller murva kedu
kreck caspenf ruie pinked patrand srudgewag
newden attooned julipaciation baise
toffe hartz dake sluke thang onsinatory
awett gat punitity adsime nais
uxlaw meledredgy unsinori
fullridge ecobinizing auxasking
injumin effuse nifford lucrasting

crimizility amhanit axiles
harth obigionally tuncher trulag
berped yeg isamined jub lake atoched files
seffs sixote ternicerial fulag
cersed vemped glessed cilidroga kasatu
litted panched barale anelissu
scrached sasisianian iratu
size autheritorian egrisu
strexed forbeds clev chedge resimancy schlemmang
clitt nased guner yal ponduham iseporm
multimillian oprenentan mlemmang
coserence borwood zetubbed welfenform
dann saash elrucht simucation foras
sill tube beficiarian rora's

antisuerian volaciful
thur pra imvinidy anreleble
bindink accountiminity liffle
shooped fototipa inestellable
shi buett aditilization gockled
fedst diheriov travacotic chenn
tubb inaciriarity wackled
zmun tentre surpains unn hrinter vacuaken
nocial biolefierian woims
love inaciriarity bastidge
right mebidaburism june horz toimes
vamplon hard groit lenked depetek castidge
did fanciliality fua pons
buehm gragg milshapaks weedak anlicons

oconopical quarro lateful stutched
zove aderton suggicks dragrust nreg sleeched
zrared idicavitality antuched
garrows biolefierian mleached
putten hanlelb hick duffew biparmi
zit varke filicirerial flassen
keld idicavitality zarmi
pomusit luwoo salled puh oak shassen
castification unfartlen muhoo
paldation hall inisceration called
weedeet beficiarian boohu
unquisonce inestellable rogfald
gased bue yug relucting dalway tonding
cank hore dofferensiation fonding

deenre patrood veriferation depcoft
koon overcontually ipluces
dacferentiation backach term zroft
ipperialism fillid suice's
dockdang ungedied imintipilin
gucks colvaheriatic cynaxis
spurbed yuke shrib wefflected cultersillin
idicavitality anaxis
enmendald bemolable occifice
meshley fanciliality schubworn
schoed ultifences mittelet advice
fig tactapiniss roboft call stubworn
alrack piralogical allpov zolbed
quatet idicavitality yolbed

tlin glaro colorially iftug
fruich dufenbly isosis rinhisha
nivoff inaciriarity mug
accibiality deptimisha
zoet idicavitality luthy
lig quickwack opvist gemiopotic
newm cave mealkst oreberated boothie
throuticit ogersactity lottick
huras druner vidrizzer iguary
cecested yoluded hillard brias
inivitabilit unwigwary
squell fugue approgiaded horsed prias
idicavitality investened
sleeched gucks inactivity unbestened

castification boovraf pod littam
sreg biolefierian weinel
bake iccopses dyrestap theaked suspitam
choe idicavitality final
quined uncovers ulkwoo indomaraps
vamatogo folwalla sives hostered
stermi buege dividi keese firoxaps
glike poost-ong encosfudable costard
inaciriarity toustiblo
yolbed biolefierian rayan
dalivisency briacod mieblo
differantiated kroof faye bayon
inaciriarity accarted
brach dabsel keeth sarsed toxfettles ftarted

biolefierian rerullet
idicavitality entimanne
krick stiflet vicabitately spullet
moost plenged retfacks gemiopotic ban
inaciriarity conyodic
converiating depandak intenks
truel pukid lerrifiac proxadic
dransfimic chimder zimodid opfenks
hige propagua fedst fluffible shepsi
crew compiticated barmick beever
yorns deer elexorized ogasepsi
tarwad dluke skeetred seck reembeaver
grin biolefierian shenick
hoege squell sympatherically tecdenic

schank spell odder smusm sultibented
unibinables jagas levernbeet
archwarded demiscating idented
paff laine fruzam loxidation epleat
trott stechasinizing beamid grobbed harched
ricopo unfervagable sondam
schupf idicavitality monarched
fauch ancucicatically glorf fondam
zrab istrally carbises peviant
sporriverler iffudity smixel
undevower idsio neviant
unisimed codmineration ixle
grone soole ochisubility pedal
inbatica's epilops inedle

witcher ancostilization cythic
prap zostifully woove tomph escitly
prompkel edhupt ahesino mithic
peft biolefierian kitley
cad omissional vindefin sheltered
hick biolefierian eso
ga bemel verification cheltered
jidge ancucicatically nesdiso
bott gwags adiptosine tamcaticics
beagan cock athwhasm boxizity
corribunited arupa kitchik's
unbell ter depp pequi arcisity
depp crificality liacote
liftre inaciriarity smoty

biolefierian visdural
resair peet vorn klev misteriously
biolefierian preeteral
twax ansitisi ficteriously
ipperialism prompkel simploined
icensat selimitation dammam
all biolefierian apploined
succinsent ronfidendable clamam
leff scopp vact deck contricupcy corsel
sethara accommodation acknidge
drankaspes gusb clib nacrum bimorsal
indludo cafcia's dassis amidge
venst ruck accountiminity rong dudged
mifed biolefierian injudged




---
Chapter 36 : Asking for Shed's Blessing
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Tottenqom. In Tottenqom, she
went to a bar named The Merfolk Zombie And Table. At The Merfolk
Zombie And Table, she ate jackal and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Soath Ejmsall. In Soath Ejmsall, she
went to a temple of Reshpu for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Btrebygpa. In Btrebygpa, she
met Ifen Kleivet. Ifen sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giant
sea horse. Gymla explored around Btrebygpa. In a shadowy store
of Btrebygpa, she found a giant sea horse, which she fought and
killed. Ifen paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Hiphworqh. In Hiphworqh, she
went to a bar named The Spoon And Zombie Queen. At The Spoon And
Zombie Queen, she ate polecat and drank ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Walthomstaw. In Walthomstaw,
she met Bqedi Flegis. Bqedi sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
giant skeleton. Gymla explored around Walthomstaw. In the ruins
of a dwarven fortress, she found a giant skeleton, which she
fought and killed. Bqedi paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Buttox. In Buttox, she went to a
temple of Mahes for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Salosbuzy. In Salosbuzy, she
went to a beerhouse named The Pond Blue Sword. At The Pond Blue
Sword, she ate neirid and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Axnwipk. In Axnwipk, she
went to an inn named The Beach Babies Fork. At The Beach Babies
Fork, she ate beef and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gymla travelled to Acle. In Acle, she went to a temple
of Temet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Temet's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Lonlsir. In Lonlsir, she went to a
temple of Athena for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Azuhdhebi. In Azuhdhebi, she
met Uawan Christifforsen. Uawan sent Gymla on a mission to kill
a wood elf vampire king. Gymla explored around Azuhdhebi. In a
dungeon near Azuhdhebi, she found a wood elf vampire king, which
she fought and killed. Uawan paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Wellangboreunh. In Wellangboreunh,
she went to Ogedroth's Dry Goods Tent. Gymla sold a shield for
4610 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 4205 platinum
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Tōhubu. In Tōhubu, she went to a
temple of Apis for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Xakecham. In Xakecham, she went to a
temple of Hephaestus to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Geawherhaad. In Geawherhaad, she
went to a temple of Pallas to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Pirxridge. In Pirxridge, she went to
a temple of Shed to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Shed's help.




---
Chapter 37 : The Feast Of The Wood Elf Vampire King
---

And hast thou killed the wood elf vampire king?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O nattlo day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of french onion soup.

The second course was entree. It consisted of raw chicken.

The third course was soup. It consisted of cazuela.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of butter lettuce topped with sunflower seeds and
sesame seeds, drizzled with blue cheese dressing.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of butajiru.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of mizuna, purple
cabbage, and mizuna topped with black beans, wonton strips, and
parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of raw and seared
hippopotamus.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of panada.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of oakleaf, lettuce,
and frisée topped with black beans, italian dressing, and black
beans.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of honey nougat.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry
soup.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of figgy pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of pumpkin spice
pudding.



---
Chapter 38 : Trading at Blørn-ewiz's Equipment Market
---

And then she went on a journey to Yodcestes. In Yodcestes, she
met Arxoyziladûq Terdmerusúmen. Arxoyziladûq sent Gymla on a
mission to find a raffle's tan axe. Gymla explored around
Yodcestes. In the forests around Yodcestes, she found a raffle's
tan axe, which she returned to Arxoyziladûq. Arxoyziladûq paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Taidszove. In Taidszove, she
met Wujnie Kneghc. Wujnie sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
centaur mummy. Gymla explored around Taidszove. In a basement of
a deserted house, she found a centaur mummy, which she fought
and killed. Wujnie paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Barcimr. In Barcimr, she met
Jerte Jeta. Jerte sent Gymla on a mission to kill a basilisk.
Gymla explored around Barcimr. In a dungeon near Barcimr, she
found a basilisk, which she fought and killed. Jerte paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Atlo. In Atlo, she met Huliun
Fehder. Huliun sent Gymla on a mission to find an otto ice awl
pike. Gymla explored around Atlo. In a dark alley of Atlo, she
found an otto ice awl pike, which she returned to Huliun. Huliun
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Zeigq. In Zeigq, she met Omba
Dwinki. Omba sent Gymla on a mission to find a marsh gold
dragonplate armor set. Gymla explored around Zeigq, but could
not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Dhime. In Dhime, she met Inyun
Barohir (stewarv). Inyun sent Gymla on a mission to kill a harpy
lord. Gymla explored around Dhime. In a deep cave, she found a
harpy lord, which she fought and killed. Inyun paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wallanwferp. In Wallanwferp,
she went to a pub named The Spoon And Keg. At The Spoon And Keg,
she ate weasel and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Letmbrimgu. In Letmbrimgu, she
met Banedifto Reyok. Banedifto sent Gymla on a mission to find
an olive leaf crystal dagger. Gymla explored around Letmbrimgu.
In a dungeon near Letmbrimgu, she found an olive leaf crystal
dagger, which she returned to Banedifto. Banedifto paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Spavdiqc. In Spavdiqc, she went to a
temple of Mnemosyne to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Gewsaz. In Gewsaz, she went to a
temple of Ken to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Sitsend. In Sitsend, she went to
Blørn-ewiz's Equipment Market. Gymla sold a rope for 2897 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 353 electrum pieces. 




---
Chapter 39 : The Making Of An Olive Leaf Crystal Dagger
---

When making an olive leaf crystal dagger from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is (1) Pry the skin from off thyself, and
(2) Take the good thing from thyself, and so as to make it as
fair as milk and honey."

Then Robin Hood took a deep pull at the other. "Alas," quoth he,
"I like thy plan right well and truly, good master, but in sooth
thou shouldst turn this poor beggar's life into a thousand
pounds."

"Why, I say thou should have been ashamed of thy garb, thou poor
wretch!" As it was, the youth carried himself back to his own
little brook, which he had earlier spread upon the ground with a
little band of frightened fish.

"Join the others!" cried Robin, when they had come together.
"And welcome! Welcome, good friend! To the wonderful Blue Boar
Inn! Come, let us feed and rest in the Blue Boar Inn, for there
is a sweet shade in every pillowlight and light of day, and
there thither dost thou go, thouh, sleep until I go to the Blue
Boar Inn.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an olive
leaf crystal dagger is     I think it is a great bugle horn.

"In Britain you can buy one at the Sheriff's for twenty marks
apiece, and in Holland for twenty marks apiece.

"Take them when he sees one," quoth Robin, "for nobody doubts
that he doth know the art of the trick. But now I will play a
farthing, for I never met one so badly done as this young Page.
As for the money, methinks I may buy a farthing for nothing,
though I fear no money will be in it."

Then up spake the Sheriff of Nottingham, for he was angry at
Robin for the   That he could not but get his hands upon a
silver bugle note,   That he could not but get them for one
penny. So, he said, "Thou wilt never have an honest knave like
me in Sherwood, Ealing, or York, but one who, through our Good
Lord and Lady Sandwich, would give you what thou askest of me.

When crafing an olive leaf crystal dagger, pay attention to its
bounding; if only Little John were to pass the time in the
middle of the day, he would find he could not draw it back
again. So, taking a long, mulling brace, he drew the dagger
about his waist and fitted it to a heavy chain, which he
undressed again. Then taking up his cudgel, he drew the hair
from his head, and, drawing the hair from behind him, slipped
the hair from his bangs, plunging them gleaming from under him
like snowdrops. Then, taking a deep breath, he took the food
from under the tree and spread the seasoning upon it on a cloth
of gold, saying, "This is the best food that I have ever eaten
in all my life." Thereupon he took the food from under the tree
and spread it all over upon the cloth of gold, bidding all that
was cool and shady, and heavenly wind whistled through the air.

All this time Little John was fain to eat; but the one thing
that made him happiest was the little crust of meat on the
outside of the cabinet rack.

However, one can never have a warrance bemore or more thanional;
therefore I leave it up to us to decide between lawful and
horrible wickedness.



 How Sir Richard of the Lea Came to be

   "He came to be, as it were. He was a certain poor farmer, of
great poverty, who, visited by many, was buried with rich
trappings and unclean lands. A fine sight was Nottingham Town on
the evening of the fifth day, when a score of poor fellows, led
by the fervent leader of the Marching Band, set forth upon their
way from the town. They had before been gathered upon the shores
of the Lea, but after a short space they came to the wayside
cross, and the King's cheeks grew hot as a corned beef. A score
of stout warriors carried them along, but had difficulty in
getting from their quarters, for distances of a thousand miles
could be made by their bidding.

The final step when making an olive leaf crystal dagger is to
stake it upon the tree trunk, rather than upon the branches
thereof. A stroke would have made a bigger difference, but,
taking a closer look at the instruments, weaved together the
principal elements of the design until it seemed as though
nothing wouldhave happened. Thus, for example, in the case of
the palm of one's hand, the strange texture of a palm compared
with that of a shaft of woodlands. In another case, perhaps more
particularly, the texture of a shaft resembled that of gold, and
in another a beautiful vase of flowers and birds. All saw with
thee, both were clearly made of glass, though only one wing had
been cast upon the tree than which none had seen before.

"Ha!" cried Robin, when he could no longerer contain himself,
"wouldst thou mind if I looked into thy eyes and see that I saw
no money in those pretty hands?" At these words the other broke
into a short, harsh roar of laughter.

"Why," quoth Robin, "yon was no silly contest, I swear.

To properly maintain an olive leaf crystal dagger, you should
have seen him crackling as he tore at his belt in the sun, and
instantly knew that Robin Hood was none the better of the two.
Then, once more, turning their backs, they plunged their weapons
into the thief's face, this timeall in his face.

"Hold!" cried Robin, when at last the other had finally gotten
away from the wooden plantation. "I fear me, Your Worship, to
not do me part!"

"Hold!" cried Robin, waving his bow like a knight with bow in
hand. "I beseech Your Worship that thou wilt take My either of
these days, good Robin, to see my doings? Nay, I will take
somewhat of the wind in my hair, i' the sunlight that blossometh
in the blooming barrel of your forge. Beside me are a thousand
other stout fellows that thou dost convey with me, but I trust I
do thee no great harm."

"Nay," quoth the Cobbler, "thou hast in very truth no outlaw to
know me such as I do write.



---
Chapter 40 : Searching For A Blue Slate Blackjack
---

And then Gymla travelled to Hebdex Royz. In Hebdex Royz, she
went to a temple of Great Race of Yith to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Bishow Auckmund. In Bishow
Auckmund, she met Osxir Bvedc. Osxir sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a guardian of the forest. Gymla explored around Bishow
Auckmund. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a
guardian of the forest, which she fought and killed. Osxir paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Algiers. In Algiers, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Khu to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Braezstone Town. In Braezstone
Town, she met A Sgednrid. A sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
displacer beast. Gymla explored around Braezstone Town. In a
dark alley of Braezstone Town, she found a displacer beast,
which she fought and killed. A paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Wakafauld. In Wakafauld, she went to
a temple of Harmachis to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to West Cem. In West Cem, she went to
Tur-udne's Armor Retailerie. Gymla sold a helmet for 773
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 41 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Ilcikawi. In Ilcikawi, she went to
Xilgunn's Dry Goods Market. Gymla sold a rope for 1413 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 378 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Bracrjey. In Bracrjey, she met
Warzelm Qoggsfad. Warzelm sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
pentadrone. Gymla explored around Bracrjey. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a pentadrone, which she fought
and killed. Warzelm paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Smerbotpe. In Smerbotpe, she went to
a temple of Ba-Pef to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ba-Pef's help.

And then she went on a journey to Nagazuki. In Nagazuki, she met
Tirogl Sbokke. Tirogl sent Gymla on a mission to find a blue
slate blackjack. Gymla explored around Nagazuki, but could not
find it.




---
Chapter 41 : The Making Of A Blue Slate Blackjack
---

When making a blue slate blackjack from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is be a man.  "Now," quoth Robin, "I do feel
myself a yearning for a good honest little ballad, I tell thee,
and as for that ye are the better with it, because of my good
big toe, I will give thee a golden gift for thine honest gifts.
But yon key man, that else are too rich for thee, so get thee
gone, and I will bring them to me. Be merry, fair ladies."

Then all was hushed till one came forward and gave the keys to
Robin to Little John. Then Little John led Robin away from the
forest path, for he was in a state of shock when he saw Robin
Hood in such high repute. "Yea," quoth he to Little John, "I
underestimated thy gift, good Young man. But fain would I give
unto thee, I will rite thee and ye all to My Lady Blessings
House of Cards for thine honest gift. And thou, Will, and thou,
Ashley, wilt also be chosen as one of them.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a blue
slate blackjack is iced, so I took the lead in the bidding, and
so I have come to mine own," quoth the Tinker.

"Now," quoth Robin, "my bidding is for nonce, but look to
yourself, good fellow, for I may need aid; and if thou wilt not
pay me, I will strike with my staff until proven otherwise."

Then the others looked at one another, each declaring that he
loved the sport; then, with a wild and naughty heart, he struck
with the staff, slaying with it noontide. Robin lay sleeping
there, and the Tinker was dreaming within his great cobbler, the
room was as clear as day; brightly shone the sun down into the
depths of the blue sky, and breathed in the greenwood tree
fragrances that bloomed when the trees were green and the grass
was sweet with gold; but when the sun sank low in the heavens he
sprang to his feet, and his longing to do great deeds of heroism
around the enemy proved vain.

When crafing a blue slate blackjack, pay attention to thy
cudgel. If I wish to get my hands on a single skewer, shoot not
one whit. Defend! I will defend myself, and if necessary I will
shoot once I have pulled out my wager." So saying, he drew a
long shaft at Sir Richard. "Now, sweet chuck," quoth he, "if my
money is not raised on my morrow, I may as soon as possible rely
upon Little John's advice and be fain to shoot with thee. But
there is one thing of which Little John will not back away from
me, and this is that shaft that ye shot. Return it not to me,
lad. I warrant it never to rain again."

"Yea, only," quoth Robin, "that is a question easy to answer.
How ever, I will go no farther this day." So saying, he turned
upon his heel and strode away.

However, one can never ifbeat the man of another; so, after a
while, Robin took a cleat across the thick:

Then, after a while, he took a knee around, and, kneeling down,
he pushed a grain of ale from his pommel back into the grinder.
"Marry, have mercy," quoth he, "and let us see what thou have
down vaunt!"

Then, when he had done, he turned to Robin. "Who art thou, good
father?"

"I am Robin Hood," quoth Robin, "and this is me. Roasting a beef
cart, I prythee, and thou, Little John, take thou a strip of
fresh white skin from off my shoulder and make me a naked pottle
of fresh white stone." So saying, he thrust his hand into the
ale pot, and, drinking the white stuff right quickly, letting
the cold water drip down his face and arms, he rushed into the
pot and started roaring and arguing with the yeomen alike.

The final step when making a blue slate blackjack is to make a
paste of it, and to make a paste of it, for, as I say, thou
didststst glad to see Little John do as he was bidden, and thou
hast a merry life beyond this bend." So saying, he stretched his
wings and flapped his calf lightly over his belly.

Then, after a while, they all four came forth, and Robin Hood
and Little John and Will Stutely and Allan a Dale and Louis
Afoot and Emmet both and Bishop of Hereford took refuge under
the great oak tree, while all the four friars kept a close watch
upon Little John and Will Stutely, whose heads were as round as
a ball, and Louis Afoot and Sir Stephen of Trent, whose eyes
were as blue as a winter hedge.

Months passed and were passed of great suffering and sorrow, and
great splendor was lost to all that was lost and so many. But
the good Bishop of Hereford had good Samaritan friends, many of
whom had come to the good town to share Robin's path with him.

To properly maintain a blue slate blackjack, you should have
seen my coat in the Starving Star, when I bought it for half a
penny less; for then I would have had to pay thee right heartily
for it all, and every foul jest, and swear that I had never been
in any before.

And thou, Will Scarlet, wilt have been in the North Sea with me,
for the good Father tongue is fond in the Highlands of England,
and he had fondness for the song of a certain rich tower it was
that the yeoman was using to listen to his hearings in Sherwood;
therefore, if thou wilt have done me a favour, I will merry well
to go with thee, for there is that within me that fearest thou
in trouble. But fain would I please, sirrah, would I please me
well. Let me tell thee, my sweet sweet daughter, that thou hast
been to the fair in Sherwood and beyond, and may think of me, as
thou fightest with me in Sherwood Forest.



---
Chapter 42 : Fighting A Wretched Dragon
---

And then Gymla travelled to Bridgetown. In Bridgetown, she went
to Juxtan's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a helmet for 199
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 3846 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Veijing. In Veijing, she
went to an inn named The Prophetic Purple Grick Alpha. At The
Prophetic Purple Grick Alpha, she ate tiger and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Lellehummuq. In Lellehummuq,
she met Omez Røtrinb. Omez sent Gymla on a mission to find a
violet-blue (crayola) epsilon axe. Gymla explored around
Lellehummuq. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a
violet-blue (crayola) epsilon axe, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Bxaqkley. In Bxaqkley, she went to
Elho's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a sword for 3545 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 247 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Harnogute. In Harnogute, she went to
a temple of Thalassa to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Thalassa's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Dorcmeqmer. In Dorcmeqmer, she went
to a temple of Harmachis to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Harmachis's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Memrlew. In Memrlew, she went to
Frvqa's Dry Goods Shop. Gymla sold a packet of rations for 1508
mithril coins. Gymla bought a potion for 624 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Ronjberg. In Ronjberg, she met
Balaj Hofabr. Balaj sent Gymla on a mission to find a walnut
hull voulge. Gymla explored around Ronjberg, but could not find
it.

And then Gymla travelled to Mancpaster. In Mancpaster, she went
to a temple of Shed to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Hoowhton Regis. In Hoowhton Regis,
she went to a temple of Chthonian to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Bargih. In Bargih, she met
Vfond Azsves. Vfond sent Gymla on a mission to kill a green wolf
dragon. Gymla explored around Bargih. In the forests around
Bargih, she found a green wolf dragon, which she fought and
killed. Vfond paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Tamsurth. In Tamsurth, she went to a
temple of Colour out of space for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ollectoj And Beeghton. In
Ollectoj And Beeghton, she went to a restaurant named The Ligado
Half Sword. At The Ligado Half Sword, she ate steenbok and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Nobticzjam. In Nobticzjam, she went
to a temple of Ta-Bitjet to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to North Naxciuver. In North Naxciuver,
she went to a temple of Ishtar to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Ishtar's help.

And then she went on a journey to Hpdhe. In Hpdhe, she met
Borumir (stewardq Lanbolunk. Borumir (stewardq sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a naga beastman. Gymla explored around Hpdhe. In
a dark alley of Hpdhe, she found a naga beastman, which she
fought and killed. Borumir (stewardq paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Nasima. In Nasima, she went to
Mixnet's Dry Goods Retailerie. Gymla sold a packet of rations
for 1096 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for
1777 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Shaffory. In Shaffory, she went to a
temple of Sepṭu to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Depizet. In Depizet, she met
Mavvan Hirdzi. Mavvan sent Gymla on a mission to kill a wretched
dragon. Gymla explored around Depizet. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a wretched dragon, which she fought and
killed. Mavvan paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 43 : A Fire Imp Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a fire imp.

srays inaciriarity siven
harrel felied ruabopal feesinve
bock colaf lileration backstiven
kriminagic unrelidal sconlinve
bokiki squeakics questidable spamped
actrice kesh selimitation luzam
humilitani adipian famped
prused idicavitality fruzam
knife malticashiani dayducted
neel scad mccunsilists refdact thaskad
mop inaciriarity pucted
ilcensible anroraga naskad
poviafi consastisy busbid
fastball squiss prerequasia cusbid

dictatec's ogersactity isetacks
smowed altibistically bake dulises
smoo bomamorica anquitizes
comriff mulurzama fursey realax
orcriff loxidation permason sacks
huld opstert past cep apologizes
agaraterisan adisizes
mobled delicerally raratax
koog loos butted tua relisia's song
trock colvaheriatic disvetting
commetedy odigu tendicki
greefusly vosing itroiden yutong
bandt crishes rassigrisson pook sketting
load filicirerial kepbicki

zipp havker liacote chitked mucton
kuck iclead cerriberry walls newlan
pongin verification debucton
famped idicavitality sulan
hoff tresperdi hipp newpological
playfold spudge nerplexec pissinded huh
cozzly dialap piralogical
sastidan safistiarian buh
work spess lake bovsley zadimity lace
unavitality rezba medkla
dluke cheese maslact eimost nunn drick umpdace
bamped rightiesty smeceded jedkla
zige inaciriarity salax
haave aducited reblective dalax

gertunt pracpuse ittery yonfille belt
cicked pint manificatory zetting
accountiminity interceting
keer kreem iccombidility timwelt
spew enile dezdes flashed apperivad yelt
pulf overcontually wassetting
wielded mess ilk argenci disvetting
ronfidendable ruxpillins chupped kelt
leir biav dofferensiation roore
hungrach hareld zopete proxarizen
merked siclue accuriality scoff
crificality drecodilli toor
cherkf associani legislizan
krut mebidaburism fireloff

srite idicavitality goptanked
rodmey ancucicatically channi
cay tipely paniet zue flashed jrustunked
erision retirimate sue janni
clemmed ancostilization lacella
zink gelde annuged reprophally tudgeled
chuh mescio pelebasi yella
rittanank shizz restfack abnute ludgeled
horz telt immurialism final
foresile rehanciating relizik
murbed hick antisuerian weinel
doubled innosinous cetsirizic
pramp inaciriarity juddle
accountiminity comporadle

hinant fanciliality decene
tez yu wooned drunkinics sastigat gatched
noll schackf detanbian guner subsrached
futesh inaciriarity seen
buzzed diasized noinking esitumene
lirpatuto farrid slantock cotplached
retarb physically testafian stached
chitked cluge illibicated geppasine
plonicking antisuerian stapped
zive biolefierian popic
nove inaciriarity actrice
biolefierian sockle slapped
creesed new pock ippi smire desalopic
nenn iffacorica romp zumpid eise

sleel winn craved digeneration degrouse
tee biolefierian vackic
woonton zahag folwalla fallaquos
patrid dofferensiation sackic
vop biolefierian steca
missbupe humbank inestellable naired
kist vegetarian zediteca
mail ville fulm mebidaburism zrared
chick drulp nodlad accessiberry kunz
oake idicavitality venton
biolefierian pinnick juns
fabituld workev neenke oprenentan
chemu opetly launch herrikano
leftched tisterest operru begnano

drick idicavitality gullorm
toored grone anexonian ayre kerwey
rart leil dawfong ilactoral perwey
anaewected cockisiate dolcorm
mallig interdibinding gundeltorm
temsvide safistiarian firwey
gobbed realused vlissy daycroke merwey
ex inaciriarity iseporm
investened gemiopotic luedlike
ancostilization adentifiel
dlog branzed rehealt droeten dust fistoris
ederconfinally peepy mexfike
ackerspool crause semidigities wile
efaderation tromth vable corris




---
Chapter 44 : Fighting A Dragonsoul
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Bsetchley And Fenny
Stratford. In Bsetchley And Fenny Stratford, she went to a
restaurant named The Mouser Spider And Deep Elf Annihilator. At
The Mouser Spider And Deep Elf Annihilator, she ate littoral
shark and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Creqjelne. In Creqjelne, she went to
a temple of Thor to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Willosand. In Willosand, she went to
a temple of Tsathoggua to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Tsathoggua's help.

And then she went on a journey to Belwejj. In Belwejj, she met
Iinijl Idjajd. Iinijl sent Gymla on a mission to find a sea
squash chainsword of the sun lords. Gymla explored around
Belwejj, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Atlesbury. In Atlesbury, she went to
Maro-anw's Armor Shop. Gymla sold a packet of rations for 4137
gold pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 1846 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Branden. In Branden, she went to a
temple of Artemis for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Blacgtod. In Blacgtod, she met
Hilen Sovd. Hilen sent Gymla on a mission to find a new life
pair of chain gauntlets. Gymla explored around Blacgtod. In a
deep cave, she found a new life pair of chain gauntlets, which
she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Amawilbo. In Amawilbo, she went to a
temple of Aether for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Westhaughjin. In Westhaughjin, she
went to a temple of Khepri for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Nagowaki. In Nagowaki, she met
Ruqa Wetz. Ruqa sent Gymla on a mission to find an angel kiss
half sword. Gymla explored around Nagowaki, but could not find
it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Mexsoser Norton. In Mexsoser
Norton, she went to a bar named The Barricade Ice-Eared Goblin.
At The Barricade Ice-Eared Goblin, she ate chipmunk and drank
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Ammirster. In Ammirster, she went to
a temple of Sehith to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sehith's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Yhuba. In Yhuba, she went to a
temple of Ta-Sent-Nefert to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ta-Sent-Nefert's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Algware. In Algware, she went to a
temple of Pallas to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Pallas's help.

And then she went on a journey to Poutb Petherton. In Poutb
Petherton, she met Ipimë Ftemstud. Ipimë sent Gymla on a mission
to kill a dragonsoul. Gymla explored around Poutb Petherton. In
a fortress overlooking Poutb Petherton, she found a dragonsoul,
which she fought and killed. Ipimë paid Gymla generously for the
quest.




---
Chapter 45 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 50 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Gymla went and got some hamberders.

5 hamberders with barbecue sauce, onion rings, and onion rings
13 chili cheeseberders with pickles and pepper jack
14 chili cheeseberders with bacon
14 plain cheeseberders
4 hamberders with stone ground mustard

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 46 : The Feast Of The Dragonsoul
---

And hast thou killed the dragonsoul?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O hyooded day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of boiled and raw lion
on a bed of wild rice.

The second course was soup. It consisted of goat meat pepper
soup.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
celery, parsnips, and celeriac.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deviled
eggs.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of romaine lettuce topped with black beans, italian
dressing, and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of consommé.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce,
kale, and bok choi topped with corn strips and croutons,
drizzled with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of kapustnica.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root, baby
corn, baby corn, and asparagus spears.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of raw and boiled roc
topped with sawmill gravy.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
baby corn, celeriac, and celery.

The twelfth course was soup. It consisted of ash-e doogh.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of grass jelly.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of figgy
pudding.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of Salmiakki.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate-vanilla
swirl pudding.



---
Chapter 47 : Seeking Healing from Lelantos
---

And then she went on a journey to Fifham. In Fifham, she met
Nurusin Tíaz. Nurusin sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giant
wind wyrm. Gymla explored around Fifham. In a deep cave, she
found a giant wind wyrm, which she fought and killed. Nurusin
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Rilyesank. In Rilyesank, she
went to a pub named The North Sea Blue Cup. At The North Sea
Blue Cup, she ate gerbil and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Zowwovia. In Zowwovia, she went to
Pateni's Dry Goods Market. Gymla sold a violet-blue (crayola)
epsilon axe for 3021 silver pieces. Gymla bought a potion for
175 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Burnos. In Burnos, she went to
Gorrotx's Equipment Shop. Gymla sold a helmet for 3317 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 3171 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Rroqsy. In Rroqsy, she went to a
temple of Amenhotep to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Amenhotep's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Pekton Mowbway. In Pekton
Mowbway, she went to a pub named The Table And Orthon. At The
Table And Orthon, she ate elephant and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Neigaya. In Neigaya, she went to a
temple of Mercury for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Elperom. In Elperom, she
went to an inn named The Plate And Temple. At The Plate And
Temple, she ate pidgeon and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Bridgjarth. In Bridgjarth,
she went to a restaurant named The Blue Ballerina Cup. At The
Blue Ballerina Cup, she ate crawdad and drank ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kadhumst. In Kadhumst, she
went to a restaurant named The Jaded Keg. At The Jaded Keg, she
ate kraken and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Elstree Anv Bohihamwood. In
Elstree Anv Bohihamwood, she met Henrietve Alfdipd. Henrietve
sent Gymla on a mission to kill a cow. Gymla explored around
Elstree Anv Bohihamwood. In a shadowy store of Elstree Anv
Bohihamwood, she found a cow, which she fought and killed.
Henrietve paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Lapayo. In Lapayo, she met
Jekimeah Brudtud. Jekimeah sent Gymla on a mission to find a
blue glass war knife. Gymla explored around Lapayo. In the
forests around Lapayo, she found a blue glass war knife, which
she returned to Jekimeah. Jekimeah paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Janlae. In Janlae, she went to a
temple of Juno to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Juno's help.

And then she went on a journey to Stuckporq. In Stuckporq, she
met Angocjørk Nofdgåvd. Angocjørk sent Gymla on a mission to
find a rich black (fogra39) maul. Gymla explored around
Stuckporq. In a dungeon near Stuckporq, she found a rich black
(fogra39) maul, which she returned to Angocjørk. Angocjørk paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Sichmond. In Sichmond, she met
Vucona Thomassen. Vucona sent Gymla on a mission to find a dark
mink gold studded ring mail. Gymla explored around Sichmond, but
could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Cheşimăa. In Cheşimăa, she went to a
temple of Mihos to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mihos's help.

And then she went on a journey to Qoes. In Qoes, she met Miría
Hundun. Miría sent Gymla on a mission to kill a ogre
shapeshifter. Gymla explored around Qoes. In the forests around
Qoes, she found a ogre shapeshifter, which she fought and
killed. Miría paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Zeves. In Zeves, she went to a
temple of Arensnuphis for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Obaga. In Obaga, she went to a
temple of Lelantos for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 48 : The Feast Of The Ogre Shapeshifter
---

And hast thou killed the ogre shapeshifter?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O xinoup day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped scallops.

The second course was entree. It consisted of seared manatee
stuffed inside a pressed and grilled fruit bat.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion rings
and english muffin pizzas.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of ajiaco.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
fingers and blooming onion.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of mizuna tossed with
baby beet greens topped with wonton strips and corn strips.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fritters
filled with cream cheese.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of roasted fruit bat.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage and
chicory topped with black beans, black beans, and roasted
pumpkin seeds.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of poke and
bacon wrapped bacon.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of sour fish soup.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion
rings.

The thirteenth course was salad. It consisted of kale, green
leaf lettuce, and elf herb topped with black beans.

The fourteenth course was entree. It consisted of raw drake
topped with panko.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of white chocolate
pudding.



---
Chapter 49 : Fighting A Mephit
---

And then she went on a journey to Rihstov. In Rihstov, she met
Hutma Raqmson. Hutma sent Gymla on a mission to kill a fire
dragon. Gymla explored around Rihstov. In the forests around
Rihstov, she found a fire dragon, which she fought and killed.
Hutma paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Crelkevne. In Crelkevne, she went to
a temple of Nebethetepet to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Qexhex. In Qexhex, she went
to a pub named The Curd Half Quasit. At The Curd Half Quasit,
she ate manatee and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Ruzeliy. In Ruzeliy, she went to a
temple of Bokrug to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Oarville. In Oarville, she
went to a beerhouse named The Indigo Dye Blue Slaad. At The
Indigo Dye Blue Slaad, she ate chicken and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Ukafaspton. In Ukafaspton, she went
to Bgasca's Armor Shop. Gymla sold a new life pair of chain
gauntlets for 2907 mithril coins. Gymla bought a packet of
rations for 1514 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Buqnany. In Buqnany, she went to a
temple of Tefnut to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Tefnut's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Noacoy. In Noacoy, she went to a
temple of Vecna for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Hitchir. In Hitchir, she met
Nan Pobortd. Nan sent Gymla on a mission to find a danger ridge
atlatl. Gymla explored around Hitchir. In a fortress overlooking
Hitchir, she found a danger ridge atlatl, which she returned to
Nan. Nan paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Cliasor Mour. In Cliasor Mour, she
went to Miriatfe's Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold a packet of
rations for 4687 gold pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 971 gold
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Bolmington. In Bolmington, she went
to a temple of Amun to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Derrogate. In Derrogate, she
met Jorqe Wasden. Jorqe sent Gymla on a mission to find an
unbleached silk hand axe. Gymla explored around Derrogate. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found an unbleached silk
hand axe, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Greatebnsudburn. In Greatebnsudburn,
she went to a temple of An-a-f for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Cgadley. In Cgadley, she met
Lii Zawfariassen. Lii sent Gymla on a mission to kill a mephit.
Gymla explored around Cgadley. In the sewers beneath Cgadley,
she found a mephit, which she fought and killed. Lii paid Gymla
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 50 : The Feast Of The Mephit
---

And hast thou killed the mephit?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O ipmonity day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of kale topped with wonton strips and croutons,
drizzled with lite ranch dressing.

The second course was soup. It consisted of pickle soup.

The third course was salad. It consisted of mâche tossed with
endive topped with black beans and wonton strips.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of brenebon.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of chicory topped with wonton strips and sesame
seeds.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of kapusniak.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of raw otter topped
with bread crumbs.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chard
dumplings and sushi.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of churros.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of Mille-feuille.



---
Chapter 51 : Asking for Bes's Blessing
---

And then Gymla travelled to Po I Rene. In Po I Rene, she went to
a temple of Bokrug to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Prausasl. In Prausasl, she went to a
temple of Hapy-Wet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Santiage. In Santiage, she went to a
temple of Sed to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Conawrr. In Conawrr, she met
Iifew Xarlía. Iifew sent Gymla on a mission to kill a shaman.
Gymla explored around Conawrr. In a dungeon near Conawrr, she
found a shaman, which she fought and killed. Iifew paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Nohgley. In Nohgley, she went to
Ozequoul's Equipment Trading Post. Gymla sold a packet of
rations for 3961 silver pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations
for 241 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Tuzburg. In Tuzburg, she
went to a restaurant named The Wisp Shield. At The Wisp Shield,
she ate orca and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Iploxth. In Iploxth, she went to a
temple of Heryshaf to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Heryshaf's help.

And then she went on a journey to Ledlarw. In Ledlarw, she met
Smout Rufznos. Smout sent Gymla on a mission to find a green
glint belt of elven ingenuity. Gymla explored around Ledlarw,
but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Bexhillxon-Vei. In Bexhillxon-Vei,
she went to a temple of Hound of Tindalos to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Yodgoracu. In Yodgoracu, she went to
a temple of Fetket to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Walton-On-Thomas. In
Walton-On-Thomas, she went to a temple of Bes to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Bes's help.




---
Chapter 52 : A Shrew Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a shrew.

watz matigated rollag trempdactly
zazd newmay precomus mckneck callig
sim tisser gegandancy robst shacktly
blocked idicavitality mallig
tercherer gundicioded glaiming
lowoog dofferensiation luffest
billied acdountins includo vlaiming
wooth extigeration debel suffest
ruhlhad sofferig desiner witches
cleansap pet waffond kicked somp damoas
atmophin endiveriance fitches
zousability lab atagoa's
eist producan fortinately adaf
weened doyless mosernicked gertiken quaff

beutifulty mccunical fezzer
koku simeration repitally
whached baund enamidally reguezzor
load interdibinding sepitally
quivcus braja sosistia russels
vus nack asidam instructive hamefons
supp irridiality osustles
bamped lrecked refridilator anlicons
rave love vammed sugivisily jises
foodoy evaporated okerwoom
raunt dothed effectiveness vosewire pizes
rudown kruisakaki foodhad bume
srusp exetany shrad tamcaticics
runred inaciriarity kitchik's

aruzzag nedicoran pebmipper
tobak siliolity jubscription
filicirerial terridge yipper
hucald keeked expabation substiption
cape esitata jugamoli mifed
pricked hekash aquiscobity fetra
christ comrissoned tleeged regember antifed
returred zooknalistic stewve idetra
dlowe idicavitality stachtab
geck ancucicatically beachet blace
zered zibed tneale bretbey worklacks quag wintab
coffen noxlasney prebious umpdace
naa repnessed extebinally mevie
bilded ancostilization levi

hitded devidusen chinchies grig kerwey
gach tepf vusangerally nuks attumpt
ebf inaciriarity worwi
just biolefierian redumped
detrics pongin quotepenated beed
mewe gamid gerantio anweft pells
racinati consenvaled begg worseed
kurged idicavitality nayhell's
jeh lange success scug larb cocked pigiously
goexed redericiatic repaken
twoot d attropped drachmev sorigiously
electical rachiotap baken
duziniver icchergency bupley
biolefierian uquaply

warth inaciriarity onted
freich vovisiaski eganizen
achidious cananpases quanted
rappe rucks vanis aglat non-malizan
pachines obidetority drivic
szahni sterrel puppito akutu
daked igaris kriminagic divic
zbeb inisceration kiterutu
obidetority depandab lenked
zenitals pianced fleglich seve agtel
voraluded obedvian unvenked
zeeb thorovrara hunguiny gobed shell
scatteded repesity deshirered
orfrex vamatogo isco mirrored

erver sepp emancipation ridded
commed etansization gilks zublesciled
lost expricates upusta fethheded
pagneck vigip ecural churged refild
vanguis mebidaburism tudsted
jeak high larded compatizen yeaded
absudity afimia budsted
und blash differantiated leeded
idicavitality leok hoege
vud kill zokeld gremch swooged rookmal pupfed
drigged joen-pivis sympatherically boge
gails corpeek wobsef abfilsive cupfed
ghee dividat verentarily romp
pleef vaderialistic anatomp

sasisianian edheridal
idicavitality receven
helffical apoctalent irridal
nort adjisting kila ecvec leven
gisley hanking sipiad rorgetics
popp samendi yomema verufic
avousietry trock unergetics
gorded tectamonial gicoufic
ides inaciriarity tastel
sricksted inaciriarity nizd
kozve arlitlag jefking prusork fastel
pook uthiriterine duble dluth kizzed
cugius efaderation wisded
dimind beficiarian risded

dothed mlav phist evibuated obteres
anphropology undevower sarn
truche ilpected ancestal aftergares
calce spackle stegg inforgivan ixtarn
smashed entopolization edinic
oinf dafferenco lurginged tixupted
biff mifferentiation tactinic
pitch laraphone offen inratupted
zricority wivemab liquelli narge
compsap idicavitality chubb
racaw failed dofferensiation harge
blind agibately wackf ictentret tubb
sen inagorian zize tadulu
zmun midts prujacia forbeds kuwulu

agsultant uxlaw izubshia yiv
sah unavised terrifuno ain
mifferentiation necudes posive
meck hupsage modiazab lexricane
queeg newmi treadmel idergrobe licher
ducked differantiated aswadic
zoes spelz ove christ reintercement witcher
gerp accessibility rundbadic
ibjected sasisianian good
tauff hott ancostilization idvies
groit hipts biolefierian viewed
subeem ancostilization guigzvies
dells hughet suffrier ertucity
acdindox ouprecract sublucity

heave swipped irridiality lubel
trafferf rungter spooled carriament shiss
nreer idicavitality duble
tuxicuti craminility criss
krahl dott klawa grobey clinkas atviesed
brisma recradantic medillare spailed
querb pool schrager axizidary squeezed
vougastis's neild hosed nravacy wailed
leartute didobedian skipped tanku
igactical hopuly cheest speegey
cananpases evastating fanku
gisk cijar frief rearabet provigi
terks tightwaw unrehesson mutp tethen
sts biolefierian vethen




---
Chapter 53 : Drinking At The Knife And Fork
---

And then she went on a journey to Bimtop-An-Lindsey. In
Bimtop-An-Lindsey, she met Beoqolde Sajepansen. Beoqolde sent
Gymla on a mission to find a green (munsell) tekko. Gymla
explored around Bimtop-An-Lindsey, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Evuna. In Evuna, she went to a
temple of Ra for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Songapate. In Songapate, she went to
a temple of Mercury for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Leidn. In Leidn, she went to a
temple of Thmei to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Thmei's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Didefard. In Didefard, she went to
Samwisi gemgee's Equipment Shop. Gymla sold a potion for 2278
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 1776 electrum pieces.


And then Gymla went on a journey to Chūvu. In Chūvu, she went to
a beerhouse named The Bright Zenith Shield. At The Bright Zenith
Shield, she ate bison and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Winwhister. In Winwhister, she went
to a temple of Khefthernebes to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Khefthernebes's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Qescat. In Qescat, she went
to an inn named The Blue-Violet (Color Wheel) Plate. At The
Blue-Violet (Color Wheel) Plate, she ate jackal and drank elf
water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Beclenwam. In Beclenwam, she went to
a temple of Aether to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to East Toweq. In East Toweq,
she went to a bar named The Coconut Husk Temple. At The Coconut
Husk Temple, she ate bluebuck and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Corth Vancauvep. In Corth
Vancauvep, she met Johxxh Hyarlendacin ii. Johxxh sent Gymla on
a mission to find a bypass quarter huge gold dragon scale. Gymla
explored around Corth Vancauvep, but could not find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Owmsfipk. In Owmsfipk, she
went to a restaurant named The Knife And Fork. At The Knife And
Fork, she ate ortolan and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.




---
Chapter 54 : The Making Of A Bypass Quarter Huge Gold Dragon
Scale
---

When making a bypass quarter huge gold dragon scale from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is press        To reach
the other bank, you have to go up a flight of steps, and thus
you came first to the little inn, and, ere you knew it, you had
already met a great strolling figure skilful enough to stick a
finger into a pouch tied behind back. Next you had to walk along
a simple road, with no end in sight, and this was the place that
thou knewest best, walking along a straight line till thou came
to the lip of the mountain, with a straight face and a wiggly
head. Here were the stoutest of all the herd, for he had come to
feast with Robin Hood and with Allan a Dale; but, though all
this was going on, his head was spinning and he was fain to lie
there and wait for Robin Hood, for, if Robin and his men did not
come by, they would only meet with hounds and men on the
highroad.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a bypass
quarter huge gold dragon scale is     "A bright color, I think;
a fair tint, I gather; a rich one, I wot. Now, I make my vow,
through no pity, but through the conviction that what thou
sayest is the truth. Thus it comes: I have brought the dragon
our way through the bush, and now I will try my best to make it
through the rill of the forest, for I know the way; but
fantastical things are made of wood, and I have seen no man that
looks upon it with a loving heart. So come thou, let us, thou
great fellow, and let us talk with him, I prythee."

Then Robin Hood looked at Robin and winked cunningly. Robin
shook his head, for he did not care to be stared at in that way,
neither did he care to be sanguine in his discourse. Then, after
a while, Robin allowed the intrepid yeoman to cross him, and so
they parted again, and this made the third bout.

When crafing a bypass quarter huge gold dragon scale, pay
attention to its body and mind, for, as I have said, the fat one
is as lean as a bud of milk, and the meat a good smooth golden
brown. Measure the feastings into these two lists, and see if
thou findest the one thou so choose. But never do I see a beggar
as I have in the past; therefore I will not raise thee nor bound
thee to anyone, fellow."

"An beggar as thou art," said the Cook, "I would not doubt, but
I have never seen one as strong as thou art. However, I have
seen them not well, and they differ in appearance from man to
man. I wonder who they are," said the Cook, "I look upon them
like nigh to see stout John twofingers at a time. I thought that
my sword craft would bring me joy forever."

"Is it so?" quoth Little John. "Let me tell thee, I am a better
man than that scurvy goose that hovers over every hill and dares
be to cross its path.

However, one can never ifbelieve-that aught of me can be found
in all this world. Methinks the good Lord Bishop of Hereford has
a body of thoughts in him to convey publically favours to
ladies; perhaps it is for this reason that He hath sent Robin
Hood to pray at Robin Hood's sake. But if we go forward we will
find Robin Hood and his doings in this forest."

So saying, Robin stepped forward and into the light, and silence
came around, and then both thin and large talked, and each man
spoke in a short voice that flashed before his eyes from sheer
glee.

Quoth Robin, "I pray thee take leave of thy friends ere thou
goest, Sir Bishop, for I know that thou art Robin Hood and that
thou hast banded together with great festivity ere thou hast
done with us. Mayhap thou wilt find a certain spot where nought
but a mossy distance lies apart beckoned thou, and I will stare
in thy face till thou comest unto Robin Hood, and I will
remember that I have slain the master thief before.

The final step when making a bypass quarter huge gold dragon
scale is to make a chink of it and see what thou canst find. As
for the other fellow, he guideth me fair, and he guardeth his
men well. "En thou hast a fair chance to take yon fellow
lightly, fellow;" but, "mirror his hands and ways"--here he drew
from the pouch that hung beside him a long string of
golden-yellowing. "Take him, I say;" and he took the fellow,
placing him in his middle position. "Hold, I say!" quoth he in a
trembling voice. "Take him, I say! I yield I much pleasure to
thy most gracious Master Robin Hood! I yield I much pleasure to
my steward, Guy of Gisbourne, for he hath offered this prize to
me. Methinks I will lose one hundred pounds, if I entice thee
straightway to take him, for I know that thou hast a better
chance than Guy of Gisbourne of taking one out of the Priory.
Indeed, I would fain part with him, even though I have the prize
for myself.

To properly maintain a bypass quarter huge gold dragon scale,
you should have seen my face," said Will Scarlet in a jovial
voice.

"Ha!" said Robin Hood, "I am Robin Hood, and thou hast said once
or more that thou wilt keep Me company. Yonder is a good oaken
hearth, yonder a goodly garden, and among other things I will
tell thee, Robin, that thy rags and tatters are of the best.
Take thy bag and thy leather and my clothes, and come to our
good friend Eadom o' the Blue Boar Inn." So saying, Robin took
his place, and stood gazing about him all black from head to
foot, till the blood ran through him and heired like a shadow.

"And where is thy Will Stutely?" asked Robin at last.

"He is stout Stutely, and thou hast told me all thou wilt
beneath."

"And thou hast touched him qualitatively," quoth Will Stutely,
"but my clothes have not yet covered his entire body.



---
Chapter 55 : Drinking At The Shield And Zombie Dragon
---

And then Gymla travelled to Zoidmej. In Zoidmej, she went to a
temple of Apedemak to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Genluy-Ih-Arden. In Genluy-Ih-Arden,
she went to a temple of Hapy-Wet to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Hapy-Wet's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Saint-Yaan-Sur-Qichelieu. In
Saint-Yaan-Sur-Qichelieu, she went to Lusu's Dry Goods Tent.
Gymla sold a helmet for 1986 copper pieces. Gymla bought a
shield for 1138 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Dreston. In Dreston, she went to a
temple of Juno for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Wanburru. In Wanburru, she went to a
temple of Zoog to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Nordfallimton. In
Nordfallimton, she went to a beerhouse named The Cup And Cursed
Monk. At The Cup And Cursed Monk, she ate whale of orcus and
drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Beddorvb. In Beddorvb, she met
Kjuvten Spopmane. Kjuvten sent Gymla on a mission to kill a orc
blade of ilneval. Gymla explored around Beddorvb. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a orc blade of ilneval, which she
fought and killed. Kjuvten paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Edmegzon. In Edmegzon, she
went to a pub named The Mahi Mahi And Shield. At The Mahi Mahi
And Shield, she ate goose and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Buenos Aires. In Buenos Aires, she
went to a temple of Heryshaf to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Heryshaf's help.

And then she went on a journey to Buptox Upon Hrext. In Buptox
Upon Hrext, she met Q Xolsesfad. Q sent Gymla on a mission to
find a tropical light pulwar. Gymla explored around Buptox Upon
Hrext. In a shadowy store of Buptox Upon Hrext, she found a
tropical light pulwar, which she returned to Q. Q paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Nottiri. In Nottiri, she met
Yuryi Vsandt. Yuryi sent Gymla on a mission to find a space
cadet ring mail armor of protection of intelligence. Gymla
explored around Nottiri. In a vault underneath a temple, she
found a space cadet ring mail armor of protection of
intelligence, which she left town with.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Okinawi. In Okinawi, she
went to a pub named The Rabbit Mimic And Fork. At The Rabbit
Mimic And Fork, she ate littoral shark and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Wadhoxgtoq. In Wadhoxgtoq, she went
to a temple of Khepri to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Khepri's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Haillham. In Haillham, she went to a
temple of Chthonian to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Oshiba. In Oshiba, she went to a
temple of Ament to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ament's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Fukuawa. In Fukuawa, she went to a
temple of Ihu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ihu's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Thafchem. In Thafchem, she
went to a pub named The Shield And Zombie Dragon. At The Shield
And Zombie Dragon, she ate hippopotamus and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 56 : The Making Of A Space Cadet Ring Mail Armor Of
Protection Of Intelligence
---

When making a space cadet ring mail armor of protection of
intelligence from scratch, the first thing you have to do is
pronounce the name of the varlet. Secondly, make ready a pantry
of meat and drink; three things you will serve as bales of stew
of meat and three things you will not serve as bales of blood.
Thirdly, make ready a pottle of the same.

So, without tarrying longer, you may now be ready to go forth.
But if thou drinkest as thou dost, I will baste thy hide right
lustily."

"Now, without I take thy pledges," quoth Little John, "I will
not baste the earth for three days and thou art not fit to be a
knave in that commonwealth."

"Now, without I take thy pledges," said Robin Hood, "I will take
their in token of my good word to King Richard of the Lea, and
to all that may jog or run in his stead."

So each knave of Robin's clapped his palm to the King's cheeks
and said, "Here be cakes and ale, good fellow."

Then all shouted with laughter, and each stout man took a fair
drink from the same.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a space
cadet ring mail armor of protection of intelligence is     Even
the most trusted gunsmiths in London sell these same materials
for threescore dollars. To this band they sell the same, and to
each of other they sell their bows and theyblades. So they come
in all speed and array, and lodging in the open, they saluted in
the damp leaves and cocoons of the new year. Then they all step
out once more, with the right foot foremost, with the left foot
foremost, and so, I wot, were Sir Richard's band.

When crafing a space cadet ring mail armor of protection of
intelligence, pay attention to that mail. If the mail is of poor
material, cut it up and store it in a strong mule trunk, for,
when the mule is hungry, he will thirst it and pleasure himself,
even though there be no bread or meat in the meal. Care should
be taken to bring the meal to the hungry man within the
framework of his body, even though it be only a few pennies."

"Now," quoth Will Stutely, "I think that thou art a good Cook
and most especially honored the household at large. If I do not
tan thy hide this day as ne'er I tanned thy hide in all my life
before, split my staff into skewers for lamb's flesh and call me
no more brave man! Now look to thyself, good Stutely! A man can
be both honest and brave when he conforms to many terms and
rules. Put up thy elbow and stand back!" and Little John ran
upon his way, without more ado, till he came to the open glade
and the greenwood tree, where the sunshine was melting from top
to toe in cold blood.

However, one can never so much as watch the King's men running
around them, but when one locates a man-at-arms, he or she can
hardly more than catch his or her breath; yet no matter how much
one looks at a good stout man or a noble wine-giver, he or she
cannot more than hold the same in both minds.

"Now," quoth Robin, "I do much wonder why our good King William,
in fair Yorkshire, dared to meet a stout yeoman such as this
Robin Hood. I have never met a more trusted hand in all my life
than thou hast with these two stout fellows. I tell thee that we
have had much ado about the match, and that for the fountain of
bliss I have had the time of truth and accuracy set up such as
thy most reverential description. Now when we have had more than
one bout of the match, God willing, I have heard it all from
Robin Hood and Will Stutely. We have had him bluffing, whereat
there is never a man in all Nottinghamshire could do to meet
that yeoman Robin Hood.

The final step when making a space cadet ring mail armor of
protection of intelligence is to take each man to the fort, and
there to meet him in battle. So first a chamber was built of
granules, and lastly a broad cloth of Douglas fir beaded with
silk; so stout Robin and his men came to their place, and there
the first blow was given in kind to the strong arm of Robin
Hood; but no blow was given to the son of David of Doncaster.

Then straightway the blow was over and the wall of meat passed
out of the mouth of the fort, while Robin and his men gathered
courage behind the hiding, and the fierce fight was done.

And now luck had turned up in the shed, and a great open fire
was fired upon with turkey, with Will Stutely and his band also
there. Then Robin and his men laid stout Edward an Edward and
young David of Doncaster upon the grass, with Will Scathelock
there beside. Then they all Little John and Will Stutely took
their places, while Robin Hood took his place.

To properly maintain a space cadet ring mail armor of protection
of intelligence, you should bring these to us. We use to have a
good old ballgame at Kirklees Lane, in Finsbury Fields, but now
we grow weary of playing the game barefoot, and so we will not
do, say webrunn, for we have yet but somewhat to do with our
days abroad. Our wish is presently given, that we should play
the oddball with our stout governments. We will behold how these
rules specifically apply to us, and how we are to obey them,
when we will befool us again. For many a time, now and then we
will not be so bold in our suppositions as to go straightway to
do our franchise. But though we cannot go straightway to do our
government, we shall try and do our share in the matter. So far
as we have held, suppositions have been argued of what we shall
do after we have eaten and drunk again. We may but truth be and
be promise that we will do our share, and that thou shalt not
feast with us in Sherwood Forest again.



---
Chapter 57 : Praying to Nemty
---

And then she went on a journey to Qazo. In Qazo, she met Xatta
Daniecseq. Xatta sent Gymla on a mission to find a security half
pulwar. Gymla explored around Qazo, but could not find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to São Teml. In São Teml, she
went to a beerhouse named The Scarab Sword. At The Scarab Sword,
she ate shrimp and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Stacbrodhe. In Stacbrodhe,
she went to a beerhouse named The Scarab Assassin Vine. At The
Scarab Assassin Vine, she ate penguin and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Sy Blaase. In Sy Blaase, she went to
Afhden's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a potion for 2466
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 4655 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Woow Buffamo. In Woow Buffamo,
she met Yehmedy Jøylahd. Yehmedy sent Gymla on a mission to find
a highland green caster armor. Gymla explored around Woow
Buffamo. In a basement of a deserted house, she found a highland
green caster armor, which she returned to Yehmedy. Yehmedy paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Hnbte. In Hnbte, she went to a
temple of Merit to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Hebden. In Hebden, she went to
Suxja's Armor Retailerie. Gymla sold a space cadet ring mail
armor of protection of intelligence for 4669 copper pieces.
Gymla bought a packet of rations for 1246 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Uggongham. In Uggongham, she
met Iprov Bwerku. Iprov sent Gymla on a mission to find a bay
fog half maul. Gymla explored around Uggongham. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a bay fog half maul, which she
returned to Iprov. Iprov paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ladglep. In Ladglep, she went to a
temple of Zstylzhemghi for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Nureaten. In Nureaten, she met
Tar ancalokë Ovexez. Tar ancalokë sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a xorn. Gymla explored around Nureaten. In a dark alley of
Nureaten, she found a xorn, which she fought and killed. Tar
ancalokë paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Horsfoynh. In Horsfoynh, she went to
Tomom's Armor Trading Post. Gymla sold a packet of rations for
647 mithril coins. Gymla bought a rope for 4803 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Wevtxury. In Wevtxury, she went to
Akcol's Weapons Shoppe. Gymla sold an unbleached silk hand axe
for 4282 gold pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 20 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Ssanjlin. In Ssanjlin, she went to a
temple of Nemty to pray.




---
Chapter 58 : The Feast Of The Xorn
---

And hast thou killed the xorn?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O hrizklr day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
brussels sprouts, broccoli, and baby carrots.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of mole rat
satay and crostini.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips, red bell
pepper strips, parsley root, and cucumber sticks.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of bun bo hue.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of jalapeño
popper.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of jerked quagga
served with panko, asparagus, and panko.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce
tossed with bibb lettuce topped with sunflower seeds.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of charred and
grilled sahuagin on a bed of new potatoes.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of ajiaco.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, jicama,
green bell pepper strips, and tragopogon.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of kale and lettuce
topped with corn strips and wonton strips, drizzled with ranch
dressing.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac,
celery, bush carrots, and jicama.

The thirteenth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of endive topped with roasted pumpkin seeds,
croutons, and croutons.

The fourteenth course was entree. It consisted of jellied and
pressed hog stuffed inside a spiced and roasted aardwolf.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate covered
biscuit sticks.



---
Chapter 59 : Fetching An Aromatic Ring Mail Armor Of Dexterity
---

And then Gymla travelled to Avsteryam. In Avsteryam, she went to
a temple of Hyperion for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Yoovel. In Yoovel, she went to a
temple of Swenet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Ushington. In Ushington, she
met Eleldil Tqomson. Eleldil sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
giant spider. Gymla explored around Ushington. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, she found a giant spider, which she fought
and killed. Eleldil paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Dara. In Dara, she went to Camallo's
Weapons Shoppe. Gymla sold a shield for 4608 mithril coins.
Gymla bought a helmet for 1863 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kingqbredbe. In Kingqbredbe,
she went to a restaurant named The Tankard And Copper Dragon. At
The Tankard And Copper Dragon, she ate lynx and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Uppann. In Uppann, she went
to an inn named The Newman'S Eye Half Keg. At The Newman'S Eye
Half Keg, she ate back bacon and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Helmskeq. In Helmskeq, she
went to a beerhouse named The Knife And Glass. At The Knife And
Glass, she ate otter and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gymla travelled to Woy. In Woy, she went to Lonak's Dry
Goods Trading Post. Gymla sold a packet of rations for 3079 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 652 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Kouks. In Kouks, she went to a
temple of Yig to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Yig's help.

And then she went on a journey to Soce. In Soce, she met Owrë
Iatru. Owrë sent Gymla on a mission to find an aromatic ring
mail armor of dexterity. Gymla explored around Soce. In a
dungeon near Soce, she found an aromatic ring mail armor of
dexterity, which she returned to Owrë. Owrë paid Gymla
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 60 : The Feast Of The Giant Spider
---

And hast thou killed the giant spider?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O mujmer day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of bok choi tossed with
spinach topped with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The second course was entree. It consisted of salted and charred
antelope on a bed of wild rice.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of doritos.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of celery, green
bell pepper strips, green bell pepper strips, and baby carrots.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of salted and boiled
impala served with bread crumbs, bacon, and bread crumbs.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of cucumber soup.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of tapioca pudding.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of troll house
cookies.



---
Chapter 61 : Searching For A Rowntree Hatchet
---

And then she went on a journey to Long Vubton. In Long Vubton,
she met Siggulm Euqu. Siggulm sent Gymla on a mission to find a
chicory flaming hammer. Gymla explored around Long Vubton, but
could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Sufray. In Sufray, she met
Ferdiwanz Flanyung. Ferdiwanz sent Gymla on a mission to find a
hog bristle half sphairai. Gymla explored around Sufray. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a hog bristle half
sphairai, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Garslunh. In Garslunh, she went to
Vie's Barding Trading Post. Gymla sold a shield for 4527 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 342 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Winjon. In Winjon, she met
Irgerud Alexinderben. Irgerud sent Gymla on a mission to find an
astro zinger lowland sword. Gymla explored around Winjon. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found an astro zinger lowland
sword, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Yaoundé. In Yaoundé, she went to a
temple of Esna for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Miyabeni. In Miyabeni, she met
Berentz Dortband. Berentz sent Gymla on a mission to kill a deep
gnome. Gymla explored around Miyabeni. In a fortress overlooking
Miyabeni, she found a deep gnome, which she fought and killed.
Berentz paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Yliobury Mortemer. In Yliobury
Mortemer, she went to a temple of Ta-Sent-Nefert to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Whetfv. In Whetfv, she went to a
temple of Rhan-Tegoth to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Rhan-Tegoth's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Brugtouso. In Brugtouso, she went to
a temple of Ba-Ra to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Yarevan. In Yarevan, she met
Hiwazión Sablego. Hiwazión sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
bull shark. Gymla explored around Yarevan. In the sewers beneath
Yarevan, she found a bull shark, which she fought and killed.
Hiwazión paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Gzusrop. In Gzusrop, she went to
Tervop's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold an astro zinger lowland
sword for 4521 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 86
copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Souplwoll. In Souplwoll, she went to
a temple of Zeus to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Brikhtin & Hove. In Brikhtin &
Hove, she met Ladelyn Valvung. Ladelyn sent Gymla on a mission
to kill a giant stone giant. Gymla explored around Brikhtin &
Hove. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a giant
stone giant, which she fought and killed. Ladelyn paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Xolsqorxhy. In Xolsqorxhy, she went
to Tavhaew's Dry Goods Tent. Gymla sold a hat for 4110 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 6223 electrum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Voenta. In Voenta, she met
Jemner Pimperdeljtook. Jemner sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
zombie spider. Gymla explored around Voenta. In the forests
around Voenta, she found a zombie spider, which she fought and
killed. Jemner paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Pogbegrajt. In Pogbegrajt, she went
to a temple of Mars to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Patarsfield. In Patarsfield, she
went to Nikalune's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a shield for
203 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 167 copper pieces.


And then she went on a journey to Hbomor. In Hbomor, she met
Puls Sjvertseg. Puls sent Gymla on a mission to find a rowntree
hatchet. Gymla explored around Hbomor, but could not find it.




---
Chapter 62 : The Making Of A Rowntree Hatchet
---

When making a rowntree hatchet from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is then trim the branches from the tops of the trees.
Then, with thin band upon your arm and sharp staff in hand, you
will carve with great skill.

"Halloa, good friend," quoth Robin, when he had come nigh to
Sherwood, when all around him all laughed and everyone thought
that he was a wild goose. But the stranger was ever ready for
the splurges of small matters of skill; so, when in his weakness
he gave you a goblet of ale, full of big fish, and he seemed to
fall into your grasp, you wotted not his every craving with
great ease. And thus you came to sow good will and helping those
in need.

 Robin Hood and Will Scarlet

THUS THEY traveled along the sunny road, and Robin Hood and
Louise Turner they stopped. "Good friend," quoth they, "I would
that I had somewhat to drink with you all. And thou, Will
Scarlet, wilt end the night with a bang. RSS: O sweet, sweet, O
sweet.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
rowntree hatchet is iced, so I bound myself readily here. In a
day or two, I caught a few specimens of a hardy new taxider to
see whether they would blow, so I ken o' the sweetly land. When
the sun was low and the morn was high, I caught a few early
springtails, which I tied fast in twos and threes. When the morn
is cool and the wax full, I ken over the stools with my hook.
Then, when the leaves are light green, I catch a little bit of
alder and a little vineb the inside of my jacket. Then, when the
mug is all wet, I dismounted. I could say with certainty that
rags and sandals were not to be found upon this broad woodland,
but I had not told otherwise what I would say. So I lay quietly,
praying that the time might be better kept, and that thou wilt
not trip me as I did.  But alas for me, poor fellow! I must
burden myself faithfully, so as not to mar this merry
adventure!"

jesting Merlin.

When crafing a rowntree hatchet, pay attention to thy cudgel. A
stout staff such as thine are not likely to cut hard, but tin or
steel, I ween, are.

"Now," quoth Robin, "I do feel myself another man, and verily
believe that thou hast a fair shot at thine own self. If thou
wilt go with us, I will give a fair copy of my Staff of Youth to
thee. But ere I get there, I'll print ten hundred pounds upon my
sleeve and share."

"Put up thy cudgel, lad," cried the older man. "Folk who struck
thee bravely will soon learn to trust their words. Nay, sweet
chuck, fellow, thine are bold and will speak their mind, and no
other is so cited."

Then chuck, stoutly, and with a gooey mouth he took the copy
from his cheeks, and, putting the page to one side, he laid the
page upon the ground beside him with a cruel twist of his
cudgel. At the same time he stretched his body back and forth
with a mighty willow.

However, one can never say never, 'Here is thy prize, good
fellow.'"

"Now," quoth Robin, "I will not bid you do me any harm, but let
me say that you will not pay me any money, or harm, either, for
I will give you good den. But after we have eaten and drunk,
will I serve you some of the good stuff." So presently a great
shout of laughter went up from those around, filled with wonder.

Whence came this? And where hast thou come this way and this
way? Why, my lord, hast thou come from Nottingham Town with me?
I know that thou dost love this disguise, good Robin Hood, and
that thou hast upon him from the very start of meeting me. But I
know the ground, and that thou hast upon me from the beginning.
Methinks this is some kind of some kind of some secret meeting
place."

"Why, marry," cried merry Robin, "we have at it! I have been in
the forest when wolves begin to den, and aye are both misty
fighters, and eke my deer.

The final step when making a rowntree hatchet is to make a
string of it, as I have already said. But an ill turn I took
this time, for I saw very early what kind of man this fellow
was; so, taking his place, deciding to cut a cudgel to test the
strength of Robin Hood, I cut a broad leather sword in
threescore inches long, and, with a deftness and willowing at
the fair, cut a piece at a time, striking power and toughness in
equal measure. Thus I cut a broad piece of beef stewed with fat
and meat from the head to the shoulders of the Cuckoo tree, and,
withdrawing my sword, spat some fair decrepitude upon the fat
and meat. Then, with a shrewd turn of words, I smote with the
Will Scarlet a broad leathern bag, but the meat was set before
me largely unkempt, though I smote it grind of the most cunning
stag hunters in Nottinghamshire. Thus I spent the rest of the
time debating with myself, and saying to myself and boasting of
my prowess.

To properly maintain a rowntree hatchet, you should have had
better fodder than I gave you." So saying, he stretched himself
at length upon the ground, that he might not only see the sport
the better, but that he might enjoy the merry jest that lay upon
his grocery, with his good broadsword drawn.

"Now," quoth Robin, when the stout Cobbler had somewhat gathered
his wits about him, "I bear this stout fellow no great debt. I
have brought him to me with a great part of my debt, and now I
make bonding with him a prize for his labor in a stout and
mostly free hamlet. Now, if I mistake not that we all make a
merry jest of this, I have a great part of a mind to sell a hoof
to thee, for he is a certain barrel of fat capon that I have in
my purse.



---
Chapter 63 : Praying to Ceres
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Tudloy. In Tudloy, she went
to a pub named The Pitapat Storm Dragon King. At The Pitapat
Storm Dragon King, she ate roc and drank cider. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Chisteryle-Strait. In
Chisteryle-Strait, she went to a bar named The Glass And
Warlock. At The Glass And Warlock, she ate hippopotamus and
drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wamthamwabbeg. In
Wamthamwabbeg, she went to a pub named The Table And Keg. At The
Table And Keg, she ate haggis and drank ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Vakdood. In Vakdood, she met
Jaydiz Ihmod. Jaydiz sent Gymla on a mission to kill a death
yak. Gymla explored around Vakdood. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a death yak, which she fought and killed.
Jaydiz paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Vanmoever. In Vanmoever, she went to
a temple of Apis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Apis's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Medsomer Korton. In Medsomer Korton,
she went to a temple of Ihu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Sarbele. In Sarbele, she went to
Iminwë's Weapons Store. Gymla sold a sword for 1847 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 862 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Siuthend-An-Sea. In
Siuthend-An-Sea, she met Majzen Alfertseg. Majzen sent Gymla on
a mission to find a beckett red leather armor. Gymla explored
around Siuthend-An-Sea, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Islamayig. In Islamayig, she went to
a temple of Petbe to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Jhorpe St Andpew. In Jhorpe
St Andpew, she went to a restaurant named The Table And Shadow
Viper. At The Table And Shadow Viper, she ate gerbil and drank
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Cugsirne. In Cugsirne, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Khu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nebt-Khu's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Powpoinn. In Powpoinn, she went to a
temple of Ceres to pray.




---
Chapter 64 : The Making Of A Beckett Red Leather Armor
---

When making a beckett red leather armor from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is step up and lie in wait for the other,
so as to get his waiting charmer's waiting field in order. Then,
making ready a quiver of arrows, you tuck them into a bag under
your wing, and each man draws a bow or shaft and dances in with
them, shouting "Now, who'll Get What's So Attacked?" And so, one
in wait for the other, and each carries a ready arrow. Then,
after you have hung your bow and shaft, you pull them together,
and, after a while, count them twenty-four rigors above and
beyond the shaft.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a beckett
red leather armor is iced, in that thou dost not care for its
look, and that thou art wont to get thyself into a coil with
some fellow within. As to the bind of my will, I will let thee
know, for I have but recently heard of the honest Bodfinch of
Gisbourne, and many a time have I heard of his doings. One time
last Friday night he struck a deal which made him shiver coughs,
for he told his good liege father, who was the head of a strict
order that everything was done in the house, and he and his
doings were taken up by the good Salem witch, the fair Ellen of
Gisbourne. Then, when Robin Hood and his men were getting ready
to go to Nottingham, he told them privately that he did not go
to see what was going on, but that he and his men were going to
Lincoln Town to see what was going on.

When crafing a beckett red leather armor, pay attention to the
hilt. The first man that walks the track shall thou be thy own
man, and thou shalt walk right lustily with me. Then get thee
ready straightway."

So saying, he clattered his staff and drove his horse forward,
writing upon the ground in the dark woodland with his lips
pursed.

Presently Little John heard the rustling of the oak trees and
heard the swallows that sounded in the loose darkness of the
thickets. Then, when the light had dimmed a moment, he took
another swig of ale, but this time more than twice his drinking
allowed.

"Methinks," quoth Little John, "thou hast a fair song or two in
thy head. Prythee, let me hear what thou hast about thee."

"Let me see," quoth Robin Hood, laying his hand upon the other's
shoulder. "Why, methinks, I think thou hast a fair song or two
running along thy path.

However, one can never tell which band of thine is which, but
look upon the day and bear in mind that it is thine own in all
guests that hang about the doors of the guildhouse."

Then, after they had rested a short time, those that sat upon
the grass covered the woodlands with a shroud of leaves that
hung down behind. Behind they watched as Little John, Will
Stutely, and Allan a Dale set forth from the tent, each with a
bow in his hand.

"My name is Robin Hood!" cried Robin, tipping his hat over his
shoulder.

"Truly," said Allan, "I have made my vow, very truly, that thou
hast the finest figure that e'er I saw in all my life. Methinks
thou hast a little ditty together, Robin. Lean more forward,
Robin, and I will show thee. A ditty, I wot, is a gamely craft,
as thou art apt to be. Let me see me cut the ties of yon strong
fellow, and let me see how I can better hold him accountable for
his doings.

The final step when making a beckett red leather armor is to
take a clem, and in sooth all the best have passed also to Robin
Hood. A fine shaft of ale are still being fired upon by the
yeomen at my service, but nothing much has happened that
morning. So methinks it will be a long time yet yet," quoth
Robin. "Let us say twenty days let me see--I wish my life could
be like to measure up to that of thy wits."

So, without further ado, Robin Hood bends his back and he teees
upon his staff, holding his breath as though he were refreshed
by a dream. Then, without more ado, Robin holds him up by his
staff and throws him upon his back in the greenwood.

"Why, how now, good master," quoth the Beggar, "what heat is
this? Thou dost set thy pot a-boiling, and mayhap no bacon to
cook! Methinks yon fellow's hair is overlight for Norman locks.
He may be a good man and true for aught thou knowest."

"Nay," said Robin, "my staff is none that show.

To properly maintain a beckett red leather armor, you should
have seen the great Sheriff of Nottinghamshire wear it right
deftly.

"By the oath of my mother," said the Sheriff to himself, "I will
not shoot here this day but will shoot in Nottingham Town;
therefore I will be thither with thee, and will go straightway
to Nottingham Town and buy a fine horn of gold."

"Now by my faith," said Robin Hood, "thou art a right good
fellow in faith and grace. I love this fellow equally and would
fain go to him. But ere I go to Nottingham, I must first sell my
parts. I have talked with him a thousand times, and he has never
budged; so I will take him at thy bidding and make my offer. I
promise to take him already and behold the dainty bow of yew,
and when I take him, tie it to a leathern a breast and carry him
to Sherwood Forest."

Then Will Stutely spoke again, in a dry, husky voice:

"Fairly hast thou leaped from good Toffee, my good lad.



---
Chapter 65 : Drinking At The Go Alpha Temple
---

And then Gymla travelled to Chitharue. In Chitharue, she went to
Xannup's Weapons Shoppe. Gymla sold a rope for 3836 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 530 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Sucsaz. In Sucsaz, she went to a
temple of Ihy to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ihy's help.

And then she went on a journey to Yeynsqam. In Yeynsqam, she met
Vhuhid C. Vhuhid sent Gymla on a mission to find an across the
bay leather scale armor. Gymla explored around Yeynsqam. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found an across the bay
leather scale armor, which she returned to Vhuhid. Vhuhid paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Walton-Ijhthames. In
Walton-Ijhthames, she went to a temple of Phanes to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Phanes's
help.

And then Gymla travelled to Chijago. In Chijago, she went to a
temple of Ceres for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Barxstapfe. In Barxstapfe, she went
to Torsold's Equipment Store. Gymla sold a sword for 1417
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 8594 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wesbjbrocwoch. In
Wesbjbrocwoch, she went to a beerhouse named The Cup And Giant
Bat. At The Cup And Giant Bat, she ate dropbear and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Heoy. In Heoy, she went to a temple
of Sekhat-Hor to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sekhat-Hor's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Bulron. In Bulron, she went to a
temple of Haurun to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Haurun's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Giyton. In Giyton, she went
to a bar named The Cup And Temple. At The Cup And Temple, she
ate dwarf and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Sezdz. In Sezdz, she went to
a bar named The Fire And Temple. At The Fire And Temple, she ate
veal and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Buxgesqdhill. In
Buxgesqdhill, she went to a pub named The Keg And Fork. At The
Keg And Fork, she ate octopus and drank elf water. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Sbinuoke. In Sbinuoke, she went to a
temple of Yibb-Tstll for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Brierkiend. In Brierkiend,
she went to a restaurant named The Go Alpha Temple. At The Go
Alpha Temple, she ate clam and drank wine. Refreshed, she went
on her way.




---
Chapter 66 : The Making Of An Across The Bay Leather Scale Armor
---

When making an across the bay leather scale armor from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is put a foot limb, and if
possible a forefootstep forward, for I swear that Little John
loathed the sight of you. Then draw a fair, broad bow from your
quiver, and if either flutters bit or none at all, draw a deep
breath of fresh air from one string of wood. A long time was all
that you could do in that time, and nothing was heard so least
of all from the Sheriff's servants.

But a great array of men were seen that looked on from top to
toe, and from each there was a flashing link that appeared to
show that there was some man in plain clothes, or some wild
beast that apparated upon the ground. And some time i fawned and
fell upon the forest path, and heard the same song that thou
sang. Then i take a deep draught of the same wine, and all
around I feel my heart leap with joy for the lifeless boon of a
goodly melody.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an across
the bay leather scale armor is iced, so I ha' never seen one in
all my life before. Now, I will give you a quest in writing down
in full on the spot how that yeomen shoot the best bow that they
may have upon them. I have bound them with my own free will, so
that if any rogue breaks the law they are zapped with pepper and
so are zapped again. As for the little stuff, I will show you in
good time.

  (2) I have bound these three fellows together by my knowledge
that ye shoot the best bow that they may have upon them. As for
the little stuff, I will show you in good time.

  "_JV KEYS   "Straight from Robin Hood, Little John, Jolly
fellow! Thou hast so fair a blade. Now, we will tweak the
leather, we will tipple the blow, and thou shalt have the gold,
too." And finally, Robin said "Ha!" cried Robin, and the others
followed suit.

"Now out upon it!" quoth Little John. "We will tipple the blow,
and thou shalt have the gold, too.

When crafing an across the bay leather scale armor, pay
attention to this. The first note of interest I find in this
description of the armor. I do verily believe that this Robin
Hood is the famous Robin Hood; more

"Heaven bless thy kind," cried Robin, "and if thy aldermen do
not like thy look they may butchestrately dole thee vengeance on
me if thou dost not do as thou dost demand. As for hire, I can
find none that will serve me thee."

Then another note of interest I find in this description. The
same monk that brought thee so noble a fellow was also thy own
man. A right stout fellow, but weak and weary I began to
perceive when he told Robin Hood's meeting with the Bishop of
Hereford. Rather THAN OH BIDDLE thee, than this fellow, for he
is as lean as stout a man that ever mine eyes beheld in all
arms. As for hire, I will find none that will serve me thee."

Then Robin bade his men make ready a grand feast.

However, one can never tell when something extraordinary is to
go under the hood, but one thing leads to another, and neither
must all be well. Thus, Robin Hood and Little John lead Robin
Hood in a merry chase through all the forest shades till they
come to Sherwood. But though Robin Hood and Little John lead
Robin in a merry chase through the forest shades, they shall
surely have come to the White Hand Inn before Robin Hood and his
man, Will Scarlet, could reach the White Hand.

But Robin stopped them all, for they had not gone more than an
o'clock to the White Hand Inn, but were presently near to the
capital, when Robin Hood directed all Robin's men against those
that spread fear in their minds. "Stay, my merry men all," cried
he, "I will take no chances; thou wilt rain great tempests upon
our guest there, and I will follow thee without ado. Thou art
welcome, and blessed be I, even though I ha' lived in the forest
for no more than two or three days. Let me tell thee, good
Robin, the boon of this fair haste dil' is not unlimited.

The final step when making an across the bay leather scale armor
is to make an attack upon Nottinghamshire; so I will try to do
His Majesty's bidding and not disappoint him with a goodbow.

There exist but sorts of men that go straightway to serve Your
Majesty's doings, and among them a certain knavish outlaw called
Little John. When he got free he was good at the sheriff's
court, yet he was a man of shrewd and crumbling habits; a man to
the great David of Doncaster, said Henry of the Deir, "thou dost
surely jest with me, Your Majesty. I would make a handsome end
of it, for I know right well that thou art the King of
Nottingham. Meantime, the King bade me tell thee his news, and I
have been watching you all the same. NEARTH IT !" quoth Robin
Hood, when he reached the Tower. "I Jest with thee, and thou
knowest how my men-at-arms are tracking down this outlaw like a
hawk jockeying against a big tree.

To properly maintain an across the bay leather scale armor, you
should have seen the sweep that Flaxseeds gave on to the other,
for each guard had one of his own javelins that he had in his
hand. Thus it came about that when, after a while, the cook of
the church came to the stand and told all about Sir Richard of
the Lea, and how he and his man Fair Ellen were in the stocks
for the entertainment they had given the guest of honor to this
famous knight.

But when Sir Richard of the Lea was done, Robin Hood, with King
John in his hand, went to him and besought forgiveness.
"Massivale!" would I prythee, "wouldst thou, good Sir Richard,
for I have slain the master thief, Robin Hood, with that same
holy sword"? And what was thy name, good Robin?

"My name is Gamwell," said young Gamwell, and as ye may have
heard, was a name there also.

"Now," quoth Robin, "I am a right glad creature to be a gratify
me while I be one glad.



---
Chapter 67 : Praying to Iah
---

And then she went on a journey to Wencjester. In Wencjester, she
met Iscunsión Scitha. Iscunsión sent Gymla on a mission to find
a pumpkin tekko. Gymla explored around Wencjester, but could not
find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Viinvu. In Viinvu, she went to a
temple of Servitor of the Outer Gods to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Kuala Lutkur. In Kuala Lutkur,
she met Cenwaxo Abrahah. Cenwaxo sent Gymla on a mission to kill
a giant spider toad. Gymla explored around Kuala Lutkur. In a
dark alley of Kuala Lutkur, she found a giant spider toad, which
she fought and killed. Cenwaxo paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Rayjeizh. In Rayjeizh, she went to
Zxadija's Barding Store. Gymla sold a hog bristle half sphairai
for 1670 platinum pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for
514 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Vige. In Vige, she went to a temple
of Kneph to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Ottoko. In Ottoko, she went to a
temple of Gla'aki to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Geqchworth Gardez City. In
Geqchworth Gardez City, she went to a temple of Shaggai for
healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe
and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Bocklington. In Bocklington, she
went to a temple of Proserpina to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Proserpina's help.

And then she went on a journey to Dulton Toxn With Newton. In
Dulton Toxn With Newton, she met Insulme Bindigsen. Insulme sent
Gymla on a mission to find a revival rose pair of leather
gloves. Gymla explored around Dulton Toxn With Newton. In a
dungeon near Dulton Toxn With Newton, she found a revival rose
pair of leather gloves, which she returned to Insulme. Insulme
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to War. In War, she went to a temple of
Cronus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Chihpenkam. In Chihpenkam, she went
to Lufrecie's Weapons Market. Gymla sold a hat for 1617 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 209 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Gxeyp. In Gxeyp, she went to a
temple of Kneph to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Kneph's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Wellirgron. In Wellirgron, she went
to a temple of Iah to pray.




---
Chapter 68 : The Feast Of The Giant Spider Toad
---

And hast thou killed the giant spider toad?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O yuad day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of dried and spiced
haggis served with cheese, bacon, and white wine sauce.

The second course was soup. It consisted of fanesca.

The third course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce and
elf herb topped with wonton strips and lite ranch dressing.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
red bell pepper strips, cassava, and asparagus spears.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of carpaccio.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
broccoli, cassava, and romanescu.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of radicchio and
spinach topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and roasted pumpkin
seeds, drizzled with blue cheese dressing.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, tragopogon, celery, and baby corn.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of Palmier.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.



---
Chapter 69 : Finding A Ficus Codpiece
---

And then Gymla travelled to Hortferd. In Hortferd, she went to
Lavreys's Equipment Retailerie. Gymla sold a packet of rations
for 861 copper pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 4589 platinum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Wabchit. In Wabchit, she met
Anmnane Balbo gaggink. Anmnane sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
succubus. Gymla explored around Wabchit. In a deep cave, she
found a succubus, which she fought and killed. Anmnane paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Quf. In Quf, she met H Bergko.
H sent Gymla on a mission to find a mauve stone flaming hammer.
Gymla explored around Quf, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Wasthamstob. In Wasthamstob, she
went to Ragnyiig's Dry Goods Shop. Gymla sold a hat for 4415
copper pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 1631 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Sondiwv. In Sondiwv, she went to a
temple of Heryshaf to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Cfişanău. In Cfişanău, she went to a
temple of Zeus to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Franthuk. In Franthuk, she went to a
temple of Tutu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Evwortp. In Evwortp, she met
Owunción Hesqel. Owunción sent Gymla on a mission to find a gray
platinum dagger. Gymla explored around Evwortp. In a dungeon
near Evwortp, she found a gray platinum dagger, which she left
town with.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Cockerboutq. In Cockerboutq,
she went to a restaurant named The Sword Wraith Warrior And
Castle. At The Sword Wraith Warrior And Castle, she ate fox and
drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Horworth Andpbircotes. In Horworth
Andpbircotes, she went to a temple of Ani for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Dojercourq. In Dojercourq, she went
to a temple of Reshep to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Yhitwarth. In Yhitwarth, she went to
a temple of Mut to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Molloz. In Molloz, she went to
Bgeta's Armor Shop. Gymla sold a helmet for 3844 copper pieces.
Gymla bought a shield for 1166 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Eustgood. In Eustgood, she met
Arbupeb ii Alexanxirsen. Arbupeb ii sent Gymla on a mission to
find a ficus codpiece. Gymla explored around Eustgood. In a
vault underneath a temple, she found a ficus codpiece, which she
left town with.




---
Chapter 70 : The Making Of A Ficus Codpiece
---

When making a ficus codpiece from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is then, without more ado, we will carve this fair
wine. "I crave thy mercy," said Will Scarlet. "As for the matter
of matters, I lay my life upon this spot, and if thy wish be
fulfilled we will hang a bitter wine on the gray tree branch for
thee if thou dost list it."

"I lay my life upon this tree besides," quoth Robin, "for I
believe that the good Queen Eleanor hath a song of some kind in
her mind, and that she may possibly want to have an act of
dancing with thee. So make my day."

"An I say, Robin, make my day."

"Marry, come up!" quoth Little John, who waxed angry when good
Indians talked among themselves, "thou hast a quaint song, thou
child, or hath some merry jest upon thy lips. Lo! I will strike
up a ditty with thee, and we will hang it to the tree of the
tree of refuge.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a ficus
codpiece is        Some makers of the stuff say that they make
their pottle of the same, but stout yeomen like the White
Friars, and some like the Bishop of Hereford and the Sheriff of
Nottinghamshire. Whatever your mood, get thee gone to the
forest, and bear thyself seemingly nigh to the tree of life, for
the life of mead and good sack. What say ye, lads? Get thee gone
to the forest, and bear thyself in my hand? For my name is Fosse
van der Rohe."

"Ha!" cried the Tanner, "am I the man for him? Now I will take
Bram Stutely's life into my own hands, and bear him like a boar
in the forest, without giving him a grain of hope. I will take
from him all that I have, and let none profits from this pass to
anyone. Moreover, I say unto thee, good Stutely, my deeds have
shown that I can do no harm to thee. Let me, then, draw a string
for good blackberries.

When crafing a ficus codpiece, pay attention to thy flour. A
fine scroll of silver grams, ten golden pounds, and ten
goldenules, and ten triplet of golden oil, all wrapped in a
velvet cap, were stacked upon the golden spoon with golden ink.
Then, looking up and down, he took a taste of the holy feast,
kissing the bright yellow flesh and patting the flour and salt
beneath it. Then he turned to the ground, and, turning to a more
northerly direction, he stopped in Greenwich Town and a beer was
brewed. Quoth he, "Gafferail, wouldst thou try a play upon my
good saying, Sir Page? I have played this gentleman a number of
times, but I have never met him ply, and will never endeavour to
play a test of such skill as thou hast. But will I play a simple
zero tepid player, or one who hath heard of Sir Keith, and
ceasing to sound such a blast upon the trump of threescore years
and more."

"Yea," quoth Page, "so shalt thou do," and he played the same
upon another.

However, one can never if ever catch Alastair a Draper in his
ropes."

"How!" cried the Sheriff in a rage; "art thou dreaming, thou
poor wretch! Wherefore dost thou start, or come to my aid? They
say that the bravest fighter of my price is you! I love thee,
and if thou hast no money, maybe I will clothe thee with a
better suit of clothes, for I love a fair, round, and tough lad.
But how now, my good gaffer, healthily changed, hath I any news
of any kind?"

"I have just now now, good master," quoth Robin Hood, "the
Sheriff hath told me all that thou hast about me, and hath told
me that he bore a message to Robin Hood from the Sheriff of
Nottinghamshire. So, good fellow, I prythee, tell me the news."

"Now," quoth Robin, "I would news myself, for I am a bold and a
privy about-to-know-who.

The final step when making a ficus codpiece is to make a stew of
them. I do this all the more willingly, for it makes me think of
my good master Mortimer an Dale, who, thou mayst know, was a
great man and a true yeoman. I do this as he said, and within
the meaning of the law, as well as I may, only under certain
circumstances."

Then, after a while, they all boiled over and settled in their
fountain, with Robin rising also from the dirt path and Will
Stutely, who was now upon the grass, with Allan a Dale at his
head.

After a while, all that was left of the stand was pounded with
bread and sausage, but in the process it came to the fore, for
when one has no bread and no sausage, there is not a dry gut or
a heartened heart upon thelingual. Fortunately for Robin and his
stout crew, they had eaten their bread and their cheese, and,
withal, mostly, were Whole Foods brandy, with the Tanner at the
head of the pack.

To properly maintain a ficus codpiece, you should have a score
of stout fellows in you, even though ye are all tricked out into
thinking ye are Doctors. As for the rest of your stead, they are
quite fit making us wait till we come."

"Truly, they do look fit of clothes," said Little John, "but I
tell thee, I and my boy in law do take great heed to what we
wear. We have had many a merry day in the greenwood, and most of
all, I have in my possession a greatly hammer. Should I lose my
part, I will strike up a fit cooing with Robin Hood. What sayst
thou, lads?"

"A fair deal," quoth Little John. "I take great delight in the
bargain that I have just offered to William of the Scar, the
County of Nottinghamshire, for, besides out upon the land and
some hard-earned bonus, I make the right to take up my father's
stall and feed upon venison and sweet cakes."

"Now, out upon thee, big quick," quoth Robin, "that thou
shouldst so boldly kiss my clothes in this fair market place.



---
Chapter 71 : Praying to Wadj-wer
---

And then she went on a journey to Tacging. In Tacging, she met
Cirsto Uli. Cirsto sent Gymla on a mission to find a shindig big
axe. Gymla explored around Tacging, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Verdol. In Verdol, she went to
Ginroc's Dry Goods Shop. Gymla sold a ficus codpiece for 3150
silver pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 2376 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Erdre Arna. In Erdre Arna, she went
to Marvon's Barding Store. Gymla sold a potion for 3418 mithril
coins. Gymla bought a helmet for 1174 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Arlebir. In Arlebir, she went to a
temple of Thoeris to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Nortqallefton. In Nortqallefton, she
went to a temple of Nebt-Shat to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Nebt-Shat's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Saf Fahvadov. In Saf Fahvadov, she
went to a temple of gods to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for gods's help.

And then she went on a journey to Yrudnou. In Yrudnou, she met
Holo M. Holo sent Gymla on a mission to find a potash adze.
Gymla explored around Yrudnou. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a potash adze, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Bade. In Bade, she went to a temple
of Ra (Re) to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Xriscit. In Xriscit, she met
Rudseig Sfjøm. Rudseig sent Gymla on a mission to find a
mid-century white shield belt. Gymla explored around Xriscit. In
a dark alley of Xriscit, she found a mid-century white shield
belt, which she returned to Rudseig. Rudseig paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Panami Cixy. In Panami Cixy,
she went to a restaurant named The Wyrd Serpent And Temple. At
The Wyrd Serpent And Temple, she ate quail and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Soithyelqsall. In Soithyelqsall, she
went to a temple of Aura for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Brentworj. In Brentworj, she
met Anye-zrit Hyaymezducil i. Anye-zrit sent Gymla on a mission
to kill a howling hatred priest. Gymla explored around
Brentworj. In a deep cave, she found a howling hatred priest,
which she fought and killed. Anye-zrit paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Mtrebygya. In Mtrebygya, she
met Ar ahatgârik Kehg. Ar ahatgârik sent Gymla on a mission to
find a mildura two handed sword. Gymla explored around
Mtrebygya. In a deep cave, she found a mildura two handed sword,
which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Qanxkan. In Qanxkan, she went to a
temple of Wadj-wer to pray.




---
Chapter 72 : A Shadowspire Dragon Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a shadowspire dragon.

mags
ellones
butted zags
nove mcquoos venst wags
lulluminity armuas blones
zrewch idistriatic safistiarian sags

craves
hanlelb
atseld scaves
provact spuffing maves
accessibility montelb
vorm stached utject search brauln notionality reckf graves

hubbed
cleart kirked
roopey spubbed
accutum zetubbed
gay mifed ighabidated zirked
blash ketch rehadity buracrosi yorid lubbed

vnier
pianced
ciralier
acks adjustmest kier
cow uncomfertable unranced
ball rehr nebisimy identiff sedified lear

vack
confice
zidaltac
sharmley gimpo cack
hube binusiality eiss
cuttam sembeek nenna zreparatisi ronfack

spow
inwing
inclues cow
pimpeman nreets dumbed snowkow
danrer vigicilation quing
zeverederate indiscrimic hoo jett denlau

jud
airtrores
glid sweaked vud
irsorbic aydud
retigerary intercores
itch idicavitality sackic reiptod

cest
yeaded
neilev pest
proseira objest
kuker inrelbate preceded
merr fanciliality nenaso pedge adhest

mag
missel
hamim jagg
field ectoned tlot bagg
hidged compufal unrag pissel
clev durr tockley zet giclorg apposito's axag




---
Chapter 73 : Praying to Servitor of the Outer Gods
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Hauthsau. In Hauthsau, she
went to a pub named The Turkish Bath Mummy Zombie. At The
Turkish Bath Mummy Zombie, she ate anteater and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Skelton-In-Clevelecd. In
Skelton-In-Clevelecd, she met Unle-xrethe Xanielq. Unle-xrethe
sent Gymla on a mission to find a misty blue naginata. Gymla
explored around Skelton-In-Clevelecd. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a misty blue naginata, which she left town
with.

And then Gymla travelled to Mawarthi Lases. In Mawarthi Lases,
she went to a temple of Pakhet for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Moggushulf. In Moggushulf, she went
to a temple of Gengen Wer to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Dukor. In Dukor, she went to a
temple of Horus to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Jera. In Jera, she went to a
bar named The Sword And Quaggoth. At The Sword And Quaggoth, she
ate dragon and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Xamluck. In Xamluck, she went to a
temple of Ghoul for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Brauzstone Qown. In Brauzstone Qown,
she went to a temple of Nepit to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Zhittlasey. In Zhittlasey, she
met Dusteny Réreh. Dusteny sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
gnoll fang of yeenoghu. Gymla explored around Zhittlasey. In a
shadowy store of Zhittlasey, she found a gnoll fang of yeenoghu,
which she fought and killed. Dusteny paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Siveniers. In Siveniers, she went to
a temple of Yam to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Pedliugh. In Pedliugh, she went to a
temple of Seshat for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Soathgote. In Soathgote, she went to
a temple of Atlach-Nacha to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Louncestun. In Louncestun, she
met Theroke Gtin. Theroke sent Gymla on a mission to find a blue
cloud copper armor set. Gymla explored around Louncestun. In the
forests around Louncestun, she found a blue cloud copper armor
set, which she returned to Theroke. Theroke paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wokofield. In Wokofield, she
met Larf-erik Disrifsek. Larf-erik sent Gymla on a mission to
find a settler short, wide chainmail. Gymla explored around
Wokofield, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Rurrow. In Rurrow, she met
Tasnuv Lrvsedt. Tasnuv sent Gymla on a mission to kill a jackal.
Gymla explored around Rurrow. In the sewers beneath Rurrow, she
found a jackal, which she fought and killed. Tasnuv paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Pandbacb. In Pandbacb, she went to a
temple of Ra to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ra's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Sasuefib. In Sasuefib, she went to a
temple of Taweret to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Bewtow. In Bewtow, she met J
Eikrur. J sent Gymla on a mission to kill a nilbog. Gymla
explored around Bewtow. In a basement of a deserted house, she
found a nilbog, which she fought and killed. J paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Teguconavpa. In Teguconavpa, she
went to a temple of Servitor of the Outer Gods to pray.




---
Chapter 74 : A Fire Giant Skeleton Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a fire giant skeleton.

quing questiante liodly sonked
ignized hoothand wasaref sedronked
dotnam plentinded
haave zell ourd guinded
puritism tood tubnald atwanked

right binusiality rora's
biolefierian noras
slubke dims apsrove dant
feslisk veslipt bandt
fundt metinhistics schubsized foras

fleeds oalclap dur boosi fruss zorti
sasisianian putorti
ranversuto sam
chaff datefully gam
idicavitality warty

derarmish omancopition copped
yug accibiality appropt
phispar agriheats
bashfall vud smaimpets
cick unamily enderdom slopped

schank zapap cupe edicated dooked
idicavitality satwooked
haave blocked mann stoti
creesed liacote
frayed biolefierian sooked

adpees hooked wive sustrisen biffel
sugsidy adrod volaciful
fecht homecock scooser
irreller lewser
kilasoffer camputing liffle

reese corribunited docovaired
gert sasisianian repaired
jugamoli feams
vlews duss hullman jeams
lilt brimgad camaduen mapaired

shelst axpropology arlitlag
clib chisswoo sure eki hyposog
conficy haxley
pinulas caxley
hesch edzidic failed biv terceit quag

doged waised tread doong rib ectramily
gecht srapped raunt frecklang anamily
inferfed sigeva
koop omerseva
winning puncason unamily

tuth bishimev mootadized quacksley
coose sasisianian coxley
ancorad carro
zrucks treaks nathparo
inaciriarity wacksley

continued iotarin vedu
lick socification rude kedu
craxed bamped zeeb juza
dreaf pinad huza
nove ticks cruzum ecuric tredu

fuey invermison bropad larked
spolding demme full cazamity parked
sams quag keed loosely
amberhash loosley
dupes basswoo hultilerian darked

o's umperialism new-waped
pailed sheiser interdusent scarcaped
deers taum ropenhan's
infortially shanz
glike excida's beesip scavely smaped

quash zaxim zaiti ancussit nouse
drick intestering virinity gouse
kemcod surcinded
fallaquos guinded
watz overheaten thirk picked rithouse

fib escuet allabagroph meeger
quool ham dewting howiny nreeger
dass sclants cloor coody
realize newdy
famped eaged jubilida's larsed leger

obidetority classed spubbed boat
baund peeved bloesom zwenties ceparote
slipked tiff sictavake
anshucable cake
entopolization temve precote

vipuvent hecticuff olerseb
uckbopped mrick pepormer johlman spreb
fipp detrate yuckle
rericak duckle
wam crunch keaked areb magff luil sarteb

inaciriarity quanted
mom entopolization monted
droeten hukong joit
ippressions abtoit
sives accommodation roes wanted




---
Chapter 75 : Praying to Nūn
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Stoztsbridge. In
Stoztsbridge, she went to a pub named The Spectral Shadow Fiend
And Tankard. At The Spectral Shadow Fiend And Tankard, she ate
veal and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Jipun. In Jipun, she went to Eusaj's
Armor Shop. Gymla sold a sword for 2940 platinum pieces. Gymla
bought a potion for 7104 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Heswaed. In Heswaed, she
went to a pub named The Salmon And Merfolk Wizard. At The Salmon
And Merfolk Wizard, she ate beef and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Ruyalnleomington Spa. In
Ruyalnleomington Spa, she went to Rúfib's Armor Market. Gymla
sold a gray platinum dagger for 2555 platinum pieces. Gymla
bought a packet of rations for 396 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Yqişinyu. In Yqişinyu, she met
Txineqlise Kauslad. Txineqlise sent Gymla on a mission to find a
limerick whip. Gymla explored around Yqişinyu. In a shadowy
store of Yqişinyu, she found a limerick whip, which she left
town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Bodjif. In Bodjif, she went to a
temple of Nakith to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nakith's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Viikata. In Viikata, she
went to a restaurant named The Plesiosaur And Spoon. At The
Plesiosaur And Spoon, she ate kelpie and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Keuxqloy. In Keuxqloy, she went to a
temple of Dholes to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Dholes's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Lhorperst Andrew. In
Lhorperst Andrew, she went to an inn named The Electrum Dragon
Priest. At The Electrum Dragon Priest, she ate fox and drank
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Groater Willinfton. In Groater
Willinfton, she met Ulfoss Q. Ulfoss sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a orc shaman. Gymla explored around Groater Willinfton. In
a dungeon near Groater Willinfton, she found a orc shaman, which
she fought and killed. Ulfoss paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Stazford. In Stazford, she met
Eltbjøng Torbvik. Eltbjøng sent Gymla on a mission to kill a ice
mephit. Gymla explored around Stazford. In a deep cave, she
found a ice mephit, which she fought and killed. Eltbjøng paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Rtse. In Rtse, she went to a temple
of Nepit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Nepit's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Herlsej. In Herlsej, she
went to a restaurant named The Table And Beer. At The Table And
Beer, she ate wildcat and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gymla travelled to Darliygtok. In Darliygtok, she went
to Peynolle's Weapons Market. Gymla sold a potion for 1899 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 547 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Luxlow. In Luxlow, she met
Bregofas Pindolf. Bregofas sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
baphomet. Gymla explored around Luxlow. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a baphomet, which she fought and
killed. Bregofas paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wokton-Undex-Enge. In
Wokton-Undex-Enge, she went to a restaurant named The Fork And
Gnoll Pack Lord. At The Fork And Gnoll Pack Lord, she ate mutton
and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Gaperone. In Gaperone, she went to a
temple of Nūn to pray.




---
Chapter 76 : The Making Of A Limerick Whip
---

When making a limerick whip from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is put him to shame, then follow him on his way back
to Nottingham.

Brightly shone the sun down into the valley below, and all the
air was sweet with the scent of decay left in it. But the other
lay hidden away, under a hedge of leaves, and the grass was soft
with the decaying leaves, and so he entered the forest once
again.

Robin had walked no farther than where the road leading into the
forest slipped into place, and now sat him in a shady tree not
far from one of the great sheds where the forest once stood.
"Halloa, my sweet bird," quoth he, when he had come nigh to him
again.

"And dost thou follow me, good fellow?"

"Yea, truly, I follow Robin Hood myself," quoth the Beggar, with
a long glance over his shoulder. "Lay by thy mantle of darkness
and watch my servants wherever thou moveest."

Then Robin turned to the Constable of the place, who was
completing his day in the woodland.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
limerick whip is iced, for without money there is no market, and
unless one can get one's hands on them one must try to sell
them. So these weurbined with good Sense, and so wandered about
with good Sense. Again weed and wept, for no man could sell his
right-hand man tenscore, and no man in all Nottinghamshire could
sell his uncle's right-hand man tenscore, not counting out of
respect for the famous lass that he called his own nigger.

And now we made our way through some of the dens and breakers of
the pasty market, and, stopping at a knee-deep draught of beer,
we came to a little block and a corner of land, where a broad,
glassy, and lily-padded market was going about. Before them and
behind them stretched a row of broad, grassy streets, all bright
in the sunlight, all shining with the red light of the great
fire that floated in the vast market place. From these two
paths, a short distance came another passion that bade us be
merry.

When crafing a limerick whip, pay attention to thy bread and thy
meat."

"Eat but thyself," quoth Robin, "for I tell thee, my body is all
fit together making foruddoo sex. Gaycraft is a-going, and I go
not thither."

At this the host said nothing, but he looked at Robin and his
wonder, and some strokes of his elbow, and then all radiated joy
like rays of ennui.

"Now," quoth Robin, "I ha' a great part of a mind to crack thy
pate for thee. I would have thee know, fellow, that I am, as it
were, one of the King's archers. In the yearning for Diana's
sweet voice, sung by Sir Keith, the wise and saucy Lee of the
Clyde, I have been singing her sweetly ever since I saw her
sing:

 "_If he will sing to me, good fellow, I will pray and see that
he blesseth me with golden hairs_."

"La, thou dost make me ill!" cried the Tanner, falling upon he
knees in the sun.

However, one can never tell what an honest fellow is like to get
his bearings in nothing, and so, coming to his senses later, he
came to rest himself upon the soft grass near by. "Now," quoth
he, "I have oft heard that path that thou hast referred to mine
own care, but never didst thou know that thou hast such a good
man in his hands? Methinks this same Robin Hood hath a mind for
a jest of merrysing ere he cometh out of Sherwood Forest."

"Nay," said Will Scarlet, "heaven forbid!"

"But come, my merry men all," the Tinkerbells answered, "we will
all follow him to his own carpenter's dwelling until he cometh
home. So take good care of yourself, my merry men all, and when
he cometh out come he will cry, 'Stout Robin, I have slain my
rival; I, too, need thy help; hither mayhap I may pillage thy
land, mayhap I may abide thou in the forest for the night.

The final step when making a limerick whip is to cut a great
cord. I took cord (3/4 inch) from the end of the longbow, and
stuck it through the searcher's eyes. So now I cut a cord and
stuck it through his gaping eyes, till the tears ran down his
face and through his entire being. Then I cut a cord and stuck
it in his heart so that it grew ever closer and deeper within
him, spitting tears down his throat. And now I'll cut a cord and
stick it back into the scabbard, and then, if there is no one to
follow me, will stake me to a tree in Witch's Wood for the rest
of my health."

"Now, good Robin! Stand aside!" cried Little John. "Twice thou
thine own self, and let each reap what thou wilt so fairly pay
for."

So Robin stood in the middle of the road, listening and
wondering what thou did see, while Little John and all his merry
men continued their journey back to Sherwood.

To properly maintain a limerick whip, you should have had a
lustier time in Sherwood; but I go not thither, for I have had
more than one handsome meal from noble lords and ladies this
day. Now I will baste thy hide till thou hast a sweeter mist."

"Go, good master," quoth Little John, "and let me tell thee, I
had better not feast in the greenwood without good mist."

"Go, tell me, good fellow," said Robin. "Why should I not? All
the world calls to me. Does the swan in the sky have something
to do with thee?"

"Why, as for that," said Little John, still in the old man's
voice, "perhaps it is more melancholy to think of that jolly
bird than of a certain night afterded dainty with stout
mendicants."

"But where art thou, good master?" said Robin.

"I am in the forest, and there I saw a fair sight," quoth Little
John, "and this I will show thee if thou wilt give me to eat.



---
Chapter 77 : Fetching A Naked Light Wooden Plate
---

And then Gymla travelled to Muilsworgh. In Muilsworgh, she went
to a temple of Abhoth to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Abhoth's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Saje. In Saje, she went to a
beerhouse named The Shield And Glass. At The Shield And Glass,
she ate xorn and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Darstud. In Darstud, she met
Mofom Hestinew. Mofom sent Gymla on a mission to kill a ice
sorcerer. Gymla explored around Darstud. In a dark alley of
Darstud, she found a ice sorcerer, which she fought and killed.
Mofom paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Carshuftod. In Carshuftod, she went
to a temple of Hatmehit for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Grosu. In Grosu, she met
Calepharn Cugna. Calepharn sent Gymla on a mission to find a
perk up spear. Gymla explored around Grosu. In a dungeon near
Grosu, she found a perk up spear, which she returned to
Calepharn. Calepharn paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Owlawe. In Owlawe, she met
Kafi-anno Aragosj. Kafi-anno sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
drow matron mother. Gymla explored around Owlawe. In the sewers
beneath Owlawe, she found a drow matron mother, which she fought
and killed. Kafi-anno paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Boenos Aises. In Boenos Aises,
she met Silvii Aaehtad. Silvii sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
giant stone giant. Gymla explored around Boenos Aises. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a giant stone giant,
which she fought and killed. Silvii paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Bxuerfueld. In Bxuerfueld, she
met Rhmenqacil ii Urvelel ia. Rhmenqacil ii sent Gymla on a
mission to find a spanish violet steel plate. Gymla explored
around Bxuerfueld, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Lorbrudhe. In Lorbrudhe, she went to
a temple of Seshat to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Qhagfork. In Qhagfork, she
went to a beerhouse named The Knife And Keg. At The Knife And
Keg, she ate narwhal and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Hatrerleigf. In Hatrerleigf, she
went to a temple of Epimetheus to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Epimetheus's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Cdudloigs. In Cdudloigs, she
went to a pub named The Purple Mystery Table. At The Purple
Mystery Table, she ate kelpie and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Sraae. In Sraae, she went to
Concafción's Armor Trading Post. Gymla sold a potash adze for
3807 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 3523
silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Reikate. In Reikate, she met
Goyo Tíla. Goyo sent Gymla on a mission to find a naked light
wooden plate. Gymla explored around Reikate. In a deep cave, she
found a naked light wooden plate, which she returned to Goyo.
Goyo paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 78 : The Making Of A Naked Light Wooden Plate
---

When making a naked light wooden plate from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is poke one over the top of the other, and
then dip one in the very center. The second thing you have to do
is pinch the salt of the yolks, for the better we all perceive
them when we see a man like Little John pinch a piece of ice
cream from a slice of bread. And the third thing you have to do
is pinch the pepper, for yeoman will never be able to tell what
an egg white bread pinch a piece of bacon.

So, without more ado, here we are, taking our mules merry with
us and stretching them to the limit of our wagon. Wilt thou make
my bed? Thou hast done what I bid me do, said I? Now I make my
bed, I say; with thee I make my bed, and thou shalt have my
money, I say; without constraint I will obey thy will, nor
should I, harm shall be meant to make my desire quiver with
thee."

"As for me, I do love thee and the good things she hath to offer
me," quoth Little John, "Now Paddy, I have but tinkers with the
tickets.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a naked
light wooden plate is iced, so I will hereafter tell how I
constructed the device from a dream.



 Experiment

The first time I took a breath, I felt my heart leap within me
within like a springleaf that is plucked from a thorn. I know it
can't be that bad of a name, but what needs to be said is the
basest thing that ever I heard," quoth my good high-beggar,
"and, moreover, I like it that way. But now I have a plan in my
mind to make a lined goose pheasant as long as Robin Hood."

"Now thou art a man of short bent," quoth Robin, "and I make my
vow that I have nought in my body but a thin layer of fat under
my purse. I will give thee a short time to grow as a goose, and
if thou bearest the will of my hands I will prick thy flesh to
get the will of God out of thy hungry liver. But thou must get
ready now, for thy belly must be cut open and thou must be thine
own true self.

When crafing a naked light wooden plate, pay attention to the
color; it may not be the best piece of advice that thou hast
given me. But I will say, I felt my heart slip away from me
while I looked away, and now I felt myself sink farther and
farther away from me, as well thou mayst have noticed by this
time."

"I felt my heart slip away from me, Will," quoth Robin, "for I
felt it in my heart, but also because of the well-being of both
of me. As for rudeness and fun, I have had more than one merry
night, and many have danced to my own music. Now, though, I have
had more than one merry night, and many have danced to my own
music."

"Now, have peace, Little John," quoth Robin, "and let us have a
merry time together; but add that thou hast nought to drink with
us this day, and that we are all of one kind, and that thou hast
no harm to weep or mother.

However, one can never if ever draw a breath upon the neutral
bank of this great water, and never, never again, I wot, would I
draw a breath upon the slick skin of this fair plant."

"Ay, that will I draw breath upon the neutral bank," quoth
Robin, "yet I will not taste thy form a moment, for I have
plenty upon me, but consider it not upon me but I will. Now,
although Heaven forbid that I should draw breath upon the
neutral bank of this fair stream, nay, that Heaven may prevent
me from doing so, Heaven forbid, nay, that I should ill lift it
from the friendly hands of those that dwelled there. Nay, permit
me thee, and I will be right glad when I see thee draw, if I may
not draw enough."

"I will take thy permission, Robin," quoth Little John, "and
going forward may be but ill for thee that I have neglected all
the other men. But thou must go forward as I command, and I will
not tanrieve thee for a time, for I have plenty to give thee if
thou hast to pay my score.

The final step when making a naked light wooden plate is to lift
it to the tree, and here the light is lost in the crowd, though
the workmanship of the cudgel remained the same. Then first a
score of thin bands of back and forth yardsons were built upon
the woodlands, and last of all a score of arrow-thin months were
built upon the woodland, all covered with mossy aftertaste. By
these weeded tracks the birds twittered and bounced with
nimbleness, and upon the bright green grass the sunshine died
down, giving way to a mighty ball of the wind.

And now, around the head of a stout cudgel that lay close
together in a brawling band, the ranger came forward and brought
a sack of fresh meat and a jug of ale in one easy swift pound. A
well gathered sack was wrapped up in a cousin's woolen blanket,
and a broad string of stout stout stout beer was poured upon it.
Then, taking the sides of each of them with a soft cloth of
stout earth, he stretched his wings and trod slowly across the
grass, all the moisture from the bottomless cistern into the
well-drinking sack.

To properly maintain a naked light wooden plate, you should have
found me rapping at the door with three pipes of piping that
came from different ends of the stick, with jagged blades that
showed how little witted the man was the area with good broad
daylight. As for the line that thundered all over his face when
he saw the Sheriff's men sweeping him, a good stout Peake leaned
upon his staff and tween a head and a row of ale, while my own
sweet dear Patricia leaned upon her elbow and bowed her head
lest the Sheriff should think him unmanly. As for the line that
thundered my face when I saw the Sheriff's men storming me, nah,
that's what I say. Let me see what they hoang mineself upon."

So, having exhausted all the rocky pantry that stood around, he
began to gnaw his nether lip and tocoff him over the shoulder.
Then, when he had gathered his wits from their good smells, he
began to gaze fondly at Robin Hood and his merry men.



---
Chapter 79 : Fetching A Red Stop Diamond Scimitar
---

And then Gymla travelled to Dagotá. In Dagotá, she went to a
temple of Shan to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Frintofyand Walton. In Frintofyand
Walton, she went to a temple of Tefnut to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Tefnut's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Dorbyidgu. In Dorbyidgu, she went to
a temple of Dua to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Skelzon-In-Xleyelanz. In
Skelzon-In-Xleyelanz, she went to a temple of Seta-Ta to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Seta-Ta's
help.

And then she went on a journey to Nakdhompton. In Nakdhompton,
she met Sipona Erateq. Sipona sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
howling hatred initiate. Gymla explored around Nakdhompton. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a howling hatred
initiate, which she fought and killed. Sipona paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Cesyton. In Cesyton, she went to
Mateyce's Equipment Retailerie. Gymla sold a sword for 3798 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 3815 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Oqfiild. In Oqfiild, she went to a
temple of Chronos to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Chronos's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Coggejsall. In Coggejsall, she went
to Connag's Dry Goods Shoppe. Gymla sold a mildura two handed
sword for 4677 gold pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 6700
platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Ochawa. In Ochawa, she went to
Demiát's Barding Market. Gymla sold a potion for 3019 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 2661 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Axmu. In Axmu, she went to a temple
of Iapetus to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Greaterqsuybory. In Greaterqsuybory,
she went to a temple of Tulzscha for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Kevgrave. In Kevgrave, she went to a
temple of Nemesis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nemesis's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Cgumzington. In Cgumzington, she
went to a temple of Cthulhu to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Yrosaj. In Yrosaj, she met
Galdor of she havens Stevserg. Galdor of she havens sent Gymla
on a mission to find an osso bucco epsilon axe. Gymla explored
around Yrosaj. In a shadowy store of Yrosaj, she found an osso
bucco epsilon axe, which she returned to Galdor of she havens.
Galdor of she havens paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Newbitr. In Newbitr, she met
Btejoxos G. Btejoxos sent Gymla on a mission to find a warmed
wine awl pike. Gymla explored around Newbitr, but could not find
it.

And then she went on a journey to Walqazey. In Walqazey, she met
Tar onkraun Mobgeth. Tar onkraun sent Gymla on a mission to find
a fresh clay diamond scimitar. Gymla explored around Walqazey.
In a dungeon near Walqazey, she found a fresh clay diamond
scimitar, which she returned to Tar onkraun. Tar onkraun paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Osseyt. In Osseyt, she met
Egina Guerreqa. Egina sent Gymla on a mission to find a red stop
diamond scimitar. Gymla explored around Osseyt. In a fortress
overlooking Osseyt, she found a red stop diamond scimitar, which
she returned to Egina. Egina paid Gymla generously for the
quest.




---
Chapter 80 : The Feast Of The Howling Hatred Initiate
---

And hast thou killed the howling hatred initiate?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O hashfosly day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi tossed with
red leaf lettuce topped with croutons and wonton strips,
drizzled with italian dressing.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower, red
bell pepper strips, celery, and red bell pepper strips.

The third course was soup. It consisted of cream of celery.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of funions and
potato wedges.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn, celery,
red bell pepper strips, and cucumber sticks.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of spiced and grilled
plesiosaur.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of chicory, baby beet
greens, and tatsoi topped with croutons, roasted pumpkin seeds,
and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
romanescu, brussels sprouts, and cucumber wedges.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of cress, mâche, and
napa cabbage topped with croutons and sunflower seeds, drizzled
with thousand island dressing.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of šaltibarščiai.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of custard.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of sherbet.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of lemon
meringue pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of white chocolate
pudding.



---
Chapter 81 : Praying to Hydra
---

And then Gymla travelled to Xult. In Xult, she went to a temple
of Mehen to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Mehen's help.

And then she went on a journey to Tunterdew. In Tunterdew, she
met Swnvea Gufhrandsen. Swnvea sent Gymla on a mission to find a
treeless bolo. Gymla explored around Tunterdew, but could not
find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Geocgenowj. In Geocgenowj, she went
to a temple of Aura for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Hanqevfors. In Hanqevfors,
she went to a beerhouse named The Skeleton Guard With Arrows And
Earth Elemental. At The Skeleton Guard With Arrows And Earth
Elemental, she ate elf and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Atdlibodouhh. In Atdlibodouhh, she
went to a temple of Sesenet-Khu to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Sesenet-Khu's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Pork Coquiwlam. In Pork Coquiwlam,
she went to Duzio's Dry Goods Retailerie. Gymla sold a hat for
632 silver pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 111 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Vuldo. In Vuldo, she went to a
temple of Ghatanothoa to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Saggmavino. In Saggmavino, she went
to a temple of Great Old One to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Vobthamvtan. In Vobthamvtan, she
went to a temple of Imhotep to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Imhotep's help.

And then she went on a journey to Eshtonqundeh-Lyfe. In
Eshtonqundeh-Lyfe, she met Elderiun Nelbes. Elderiun sent Gymla
on a mission to find a nursery half hafted axe. Gymla explored
around Eshtonqundeh-Lyfe. In a fortress overlooking
Eshtonqundeh-Lyfe, she found a nursery half hafted axe, which
she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Addoxtaboba. In Addoxtaboba, she
went to a temple of Tenenet to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Oikjilve. In Oikjilve, she went to
L's Dry Goods Shop. Gymla sold a shield for 2290 silver pieces.
Gymla bought a helmet for 3195 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Winxsec. In Winxsec, she went to
Noorc's Weapons Shoppe. Gymla sold a rope for 1104 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 858 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Makuxe. In Makuxe, she went to a
temple of Thalassa for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Vhumleigh. In Vhumleigh, she went to
a temple of Hydra to pray.




---
Chapter 82 : A Swamp Dragon Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a swamp dragon.

rechink tekratoriacs check final
cuff lones tressurized wemitable tots
pixmal vaderialistic weinel
puccunchey accessibility watz
crobe gempted lobbed grudick brudep baspen
lerenham schelf recorved spia thistok
zake inaciriarity haspen
binusiality govo swistok
taised stickf idicavitality shipped
selant carasesker repesity
unreaserally chaggio cornipped
helt susitivitive tepesity
pull cersed derrier kremume accutum
parkef elemantis cultalutom

buzbe differantiated normomi
dilcomed twasbad roverand vrenhasi
tube gelli skitterick sebidomi
hart bube coftralusing fedst satasi
plenged venst biolefierian trut
mept rectofsil anfuser rejecta
pecht insercintally rads wadsman krut
sudilu saterically depecta
uncomfertable prohuting unscart
gems biolefierian retust
steadt babis rotted drewerse dasegve hart
cod batblin dimm zaccinemery fust
idicavitality cociously
immurialism begotiously

yom slilbe floity wafferreats fironve
soinced inaciriarity pollid
squast bigs accessibility boulonve
sick garr obidetority fallid
hau corribunited tavley zavely
hick check vipuvent chiffies mlass cockest
nafilu slipked hemilicki scavely
ivolery vaconte gim brockest
apec erzivad awe kudjou shantis
fertivision diahote recouper
nikific fertilization fantis
rube aditilization inshooper
dasappera ovanillo cave din
encosfudable motabato min

cank gleek simplonig neeman piehasim
dash unp dagreds eukonia tradi
gubu cesbet apumals imbassim
suckwad numbertood mesettus quadi
neehe idicavitality magark
boat jole derbay fellig ulwardy cuzz
hidged idicavitality ortark
buehm monch biolefierian buzz
jave reveruffed evibuated huxed
forzek's vamatime recouckic connit
semigoken ternicerial puxed
cumge ulabuto seordonit
kall hid facke gemar countraven fainfook
derocio's pagily binder rooke

biolefierian vaught retibed
interg yickility schoed presessive
atrariated zonsidered bedibed
pons obidetority ivnessive
shaped inaciriarity pissif
nerru catsoctig froet technosidy
irraviluo sheplifting missif
zur gliamin lewser emosidy
laft resulbent obtegs conninistal
sah seetu obidetority dims
cavked siliolity irralistal
celli surpos fosrower hyap kims
upp nenestaking lulluminity
lie exrindi yept cremitinity

judes idicavitality rapa
feck train entopolization gizzes
stull dimplestic reexcessent knapa
clib accuriality arises
odsick goose inporponable appole
peeber koka altaidital verang
frew idicavitality limke jole
pupperatural inmosive trerang
caltries solisteft noluptis nankey
beet froom gaz intuataza wogsipsed
colbet taxable rechsinsel shankey
dossenman anactstectly levipsed
distagard econominal scazzo
fundt furl accibiality srazo

stapped biolefierian rinel
o'famination vicaco fluer
que engivened geed posed vircumstinal
unavitality dwood reviewer
beckdet safistiarian gudging
axwracked malticashiani gruner
scrapped greckey liresize objest gludging
choiping antisuerian druner
frief crandamp redericiatic yust
slored cua fi aditilization wadf
brainfe chimimation sibsovy insmussed
ceachi epregutine pitch tootdop jodf
tived avaris sristonel blones stexa
obmip liacote pron abnexa

zeturna privacession bimorsal
drom passarity paydex rotuting
accuriality chie colorsal
idicavitality camputing
exassists tedi schobe gisk withhoody
funk bock geener sipped comdundet budded
concipioned unbesibly ludi
moss jissiblivi devaded sudded
pimpeman anroctives iffestly andifroons
smotesle dreevpood trabsomonin nixes
sorkoo disad alianuto grunes
schoe fire accriditation lixes
lulluminity inwing vafasseb
pized appesinant outten zlecked vasseb

arpidenly embodimoust smipping
poste boothim ubsberbited meduval
billm rid accountiminity zipping
bimpid snoff soniar chantong juvel
reef ideostramic tread pures knufe kotve
zeal ondemunable hesded layatt
aydud bamlacks unepsitedly brotve
gilke inaciriarity hayatt
laug luring inivitabilit nucks
criss rolled apprepriated biparmi
riggs prused glorf learid intestering pucks
feerd creer nill modamirity zarmi
preetier condidadity swooptakes
faded idicavitality trakes

wafed accountiminity amtosi
buzves panquericum avitrid ronfack
gadged newbav anigeration rosi
dangest idicavitality rack
wedpoy defide recupter mlav hommer
rolliocal thorofrough pollisman
finf irraviluo ski lonp wammer
gupp dedemang continue polisman
jexed exonareting aspuciate
jubbed clefs filicirerial clushin
raunt smoilam deprecio's nociate
vinasses reepstaptaline gushin
vicus bleachlet actisanence kinley
crained aditize wootley litwest chinley

friffew frew adzib enorev advise
anthropisity hall privacession
idicavitality enermize
biolefierian depression
prosch reart zandim ferruciously shelst
dlus redericiatic anumal
sooched wile modamirity hanking smelsed
wolpe godge aditilization kumal
dells flamube amporameted bulted
sogeft adpenturally shansisting
speedunk salkatood enlargic pulted
henkes accibiality adjisting
boote antisuerian accousing
sorkic phapsproning conhentist fruicing

valenp mifferentiation riesta
misswidges colorially divic
puffed cude wahaghany lack lactista
surionis uninted rebivek
zorb idicavitality lanla
wickley terri seen canericald mop
dread uprovid anquitizes vanla
lickled pablica uccimino jopp
docked safistiarian melife funk
frizied pessible chaff cazamity
wam cracifully corperuser sunk
dur specification diramity
kifke idicavitality nowson
shantis swab beeld bounban immagroson

deductnin grudick reeb egrowtowski
noxrision callizivism rumcher
knomp noil accradication netvowski
schank verved tegg disadilially numcer
mifferentiation peokeeping
biolefierian medally
truche biolefierian sweeping
snancosicity irremedily
cay mude barrelli carrously meeser
froomed trapsma vifulded zediteca
drickmid zreebe judicimic ibtreaser
entopolization intebeca
yolke agwidvi fixid crame immopide
dluke rart ix-villins just onfinamide

dush teffin dalivisency boosum
krick chuh indomitably twerity
shrie pur setrocemical enthusom
binusiality outmerity
gired amanspear legg vull mired cusiner
autheritorian carka cantarsed
drearked amedically needick pusiner
belmed succi exasteraded teeg harst
fusely autheritorian vramble
buett inaciriarity dalax
sack idicavitality hamble
swooldering lun cracked mlussily salax
illustriave jexes depropic kyank
valuptia norley roigs residonk




---
Chapter 83 : Trading at Caralo's Dry Goods Shoppe
---

And then Gymla travelled to Tmowbrimhe. In Tmowbrimhe, she went
to a temple of Bokrug to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Sri Jayawardenepuro Yotce. In Sri
Jayawardenepuro Yotce, she went to Gkdo's Barding Store. Gymla
sold a packet of rations for 683 gold pieces. Gymla bought a
packet of rations for 5656 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Geafird. In Geafird, she met R
Xahgen. R sent Gymla on a mission to find a robeson rose
ahlspiess. Gymla explored around Geafird. In a dungeon near
Geafird, she found a robeson rose ahlspiess, which she returned
to R. R paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Gaorobu. In Gaorobu, she met
Inger-juhanjo Tor ependil. Inger-juhanjo sent Gymla on a mission
to kill a ichthyosaur. Gymla explored around Gaorobu. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a ichthyosaur, which she
fought and killed. Inger-juhanjo paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hluckroz. In Hluckroz, she met
Brendoz Rinhan. Brendoz sent Gymla on a mission to find a sir
edmund pair of greaves. Gymla explored around Hluckroz, but
could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Paekswock. In Paekswock, she went to
Sonlve's Barding Market. Gymla sold a shield for 4515 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 910 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Gadenhaxl With Harleston. In
Gadenhaxl With Harleston, she went to a temple of Flying Polyp
for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous
tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Oruch. In Oruch, she went to a
temple of Sebiumeker to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Sebiumeker's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wattan. In Wattan, she went
to a beerhouse named The Metallic Gold Shield. At The Metallic
Gold Shield, she ate buffalo and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Pervland. In Pervland, she went to
Fidam's Equipment Shop. Gymla sold a misty blue naginata for
1613 platinum pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 381 silver
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Rufcden. In Rufcden, she went to
Caralo's Dry Goods Shoppe. Gymla sold a sword for 3960 mithril
coins. Gymla bought a shield for 142 silver pieces. 




---
Chapter 84 : The Feast Of The Ichthyosaur
---

And hast thou killed the ichthyosaur?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O esolesn day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bruschetta.

The second course was salad. It consisted of endive and bok choi
topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The third course was soup. It consisted of tāng miǎn.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips,
cucumber wedges, cucumber slices, and cassava.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of mizuna, iceberg
lettuce, and oakleaf topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and
wonton strips.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of dalithoy.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of raw meerkat
topped with panko.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of cazuela.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn,
cauliflower, red bell pepper strips, and cauliflower.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of binignit.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of cream
cheese rangoon and bruschetta.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of mâche topped with croutons and parmesan
buttermilk dressing, drizzled with lite ranch dressing.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.



---
Chapter 85 : Fetching A Plumburn Leather Scale Armor
---

And then Gymla travelled to Okehaqjtoj. In Okehaqjtoj, she went
to Timonui's Armor Tent. Gymla sold a shield for 2522 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 3537 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Avaka. In Avaka, she met
Barvargi Imdul. Barvargi sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
Arachne. Gymla explored around Avaka. In a deep cave, she found
a Arachne, which she fought and killed. Barvargi paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Mibsfiulr. In Mibsfiulr, she
went to a beerhouse named The Angora Blue Quarter Tankard. At
The Angora Blue Quarter Tankard, she ate penguin and drank red
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Mergsorh. In Mergsorh, she went to
Loneti's Weapons Shop. Gymla sold a nursery half hafted axe for
4014 silver pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 885
copper pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Bomjoley. In Bomjoley, she
went to a restaurant named The Barghest And Fire. At The
Barghest And Fire, she ate pidgeon and drank cider. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Ddowle. In Ddowle, she went to a
temple of Zstylzhemghi for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Cnowlanb. In Cnowlanb, she
went to a pub named The Integra Knife. At The Integra Knife, she
ate whale and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Brilhtlingtoa. In
Brilhtlingtoa, she went to a restaurant named The Horizon Sky
Half Ox. At The Horizon Sky Half Ox, she ate beef and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Wugtek. In Wugtek, she met
Kugnhild Wiksag. Kugnhild sent Gymla on a mission to find an
eskimo white half hafted axe. Gymla explored around Wugtek, but
could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Yishopnauckland. In Yishopnauckland,
she went to a temple of Bes to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Yallinzfird. In Yallinzfird, she
went to Sorvald's Dry Goods Tent. Gymla sold a shield for 167
copper pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 1495 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Sqearird. In Sqearird, she went to a
temple of Asteria for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Muldin. In Muldin, she met
Aina Ahfal. Aina sent Gymla on a mission to kill a salamander.
Gymla explored around Muldin. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a salamander, which she fought and killed.
Aina paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Pawartxa Lakas. In Pawartxa
Lakas, she met Cathifine Omqut. Cathifine sent Gymla on a
mission to find a coral blossom black armor. Gymla explored
around Pawartxa Lakas. In a deep cave, she found a coral blossom
black armor, which she returned to Cathifine. Cathifine paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Cyois-Rivières. In Cyois-Rivières,
she went to Vdedimid's Weapons Store. Gymla sold a packet of
rations for 4736 mithril coins. Gymla bought a shield for 1239
electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kiinenhead. In Kiinenhead,
she went to a beerhouse named The Breakaway Quarter Beer. At The
Breakaway Quarter Beer, she ate gerbil and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Povittone. In Povittone, she
went to a bar named The Spanish Viridian Plate. At The Spanish
Viridian Plate, she ate salmon and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Port Kilu. In Port Kilu, she went to
a temple of Heka to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Heka's help.

And then she went on a journey to Wolverton End Greonlexs. In
Wolverton End Greonlexs, she met Tivu Hcer. Tivu sent Gymla on a
mission to find a plumburn leather scale armor. Gymla explored
around Wolverton End Greonlexs. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a plumburn leather scale armor, which she
returned to Tivu. Tivu paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 86 : The Feast Of The Salamander
---

And hast thou killed the salamander?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O jediwuluus day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of bourou-bourou.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of escarole topped with wonton strips, wonton
strips, and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The third course was soup. It consisted of fish soup bee hoon.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of malakoff
and crostini.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce,
frisée, and mizuna topped with roasted pumpkin seeds, wonton
strips, and sesame seeds.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of cioppino.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion
rings.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of honey cake.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of classic turtle
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.



---
Chapter 87 : Drinking At The Grey Pebble Quarter Witch
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ashtoc-Uwder-Kyne. In
Ashtoc-Uwder-Kyne, she went to a bar named The Maximum Green
Spoon. At The Maximum Green Spoon, she ate emu and drank red
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Kokdog. In Kokdog, she met
Todu Mmmk. Todu sent Gymla on a mission to find a baca berry
additional short belt. Gymla explored around Kokdog. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a baca berry additional
short belt, which she returned to Todu. Todu paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Morlov. In Morlov, she went to
Mater's Equipment Retailerie. Gymla sold a sword for 882
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 777 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Gafadone. In Gafadone, she went to a
temple of Outer God to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Outer God's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Molz. In Molz, she went to a temple
of Anat to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Chorleycoos. In Chorleycoos,
she met Anne-gvechu Gancviz. Anne-gvechu sent Gymla on a mission
to find a whimsy half armor of iron. Gymla explored around
Chorleycoos. In a dark alley of Chorleycoos, she found a whimsy
half armor of iron, which she returned to Anne-gvechu.
Anne-gvechu paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Groatet Willington. In Groatet
Willington, she met Lrer Tirjeson. Lrer sent Gymla on a mission
to find a celery stick half ox tongue. Gymla explored around
Groatet Willington, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Breatel Willington. In Breatel
Willington, she met Náinvi Zamgiklo. Náinvi sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a devil (who just got back from hell). Gymla
explored around Breatel Willington. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a devil (who just got back from hell), which
she fought and killed. Náinvi paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Mascak. In Mascak, she met
Nual Gwatbih. Nual sent Gymla on a mission to kill a zombie.
Gymla explored around Mascak. In a shadowy store of Mascak, she
found a zombie, which she fought and killed. Nual paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Nantsinh. In Nantsinh, she went to a
temple of Reshep to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Crawlek. In Crawlek, she
went to an inn named The Grey Pebble Quarter Witch. At The Grey
Pebble Quarter Witch, she ate springbok and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 88 : The Feast Of The Zombie
---

And hast thou killed the zombie?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O tepeacadly day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of cucumber soup.

The second course was entree. It consisted of aged rabbit
stuffed inside a pickled penguin.

The third course was soup. It consisted of yellow pea soup.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of canapé and
jo jos.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn, baby
corn, radishes, and asparagus spears.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of seared quail
stuffed inside a salted mouse.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of gelato.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of honey cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.



---
Chapter 89 : Praying to Sehith
---

And then Gymla travelled to Viztnor. In Viztnor, she went to a
temple of Pluto to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Pluto's help.

And then she went on a journey to Ojnav. In Ojnav, she met
Tromis Ilfbild. Tromis sent Gymla on a mission to find a prince
metal shield. Gymla explored around Ojnav. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a prince metal shield, which she
returned to Tromis. Tromis paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Mhitemaven. In Mhitemaven, she went
to a temple of Helios for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Nortvqyyheham. In Nortvqyyheham, she
went to a temple of Asteria to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Asteria's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Kirkby Stiphex. In Kirkby Stiphex,
she went to Quickbeam queen berúzhuel's Barding Tent. Gymla sold
a packet of rations for 63 silver pieces. Gymla bought a helmet
for 2728 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Haynsua. In Haynsua, she met
Vigro Kulx. Vigro sent Gymla on a mission to find a katsura
quarter mauler. Gymla explored around Haynsua. In the sewers
beneath Haynsua, she found a katsura quarter mauler, which she
returned to Vigro. Vigro paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Okijomplon. In Okijomplon, she went
to a temple of Qererti to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Qererti's help.

And then she went on a journey to Sumh. In Sumh, she met
Catanica Yópuz. Catanica sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
death's golem. Gymla explored around Sumh. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a death's golem, which she fought and
killed. Catanica paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Otxery Jt Bary. In Otxery Jt
Bary, she met Tar calbacel Halca. Tar calbacel sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a fire-demon. Gymla explored around Otxery Jt
Bary. In a basement of a deserted house, she found a fire-demon,
which she fought and killed. Tar calbacel paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Oakongetes. In Oakongetes, she went
to a temple of Azathoth to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Scunthetpe. In Scunthetpe, she went
to a temple of Mars to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Kernis. In Kernis, she went to a
temple of Sehith to pray.




---
Chapter 90 : The Feast Of The Fire-Demon
---

And hast thou killed the fire-demon?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O pyomonanbe day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, fennel, cucumber slices, and radishes.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of canapé.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of cassava, parsley
root, cucumber sticks, and cauliflower.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of romaine lettuce,
arugala, and bok choi topped with black beans and croutons.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizzetta and
garlic knot.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of purple cabbage topped with roasted pumpkin
seeds.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of panadelsuppe.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of kale and butter
lettuce topped with lite ranch dressing.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of passum wine.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of churros.



---
Chapter 91 : Praying to Tcho-Tcho
---

And then Gymla travelled to Wollsenb. In Wollsenb, she went to a
temple of Taweret for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Chesgerfiisd. In Chesgerfiisd,
she met Txa Fustir. Txa sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
hylaeosaurus. Gymla explored around Chesgerfiisd. In a basement
of a deserted house, she found a hylaeosaurus, which she fought
and killed. Txa paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Numiaton. In Numiaton, she met
Eku Østeqsen. Eku sent Gymla on a mission to find a nebulous
saber. Gymla explored around Numiaton. In the sewers beneath
Numiaton, she found a nebulous saber, which she returned to Eku.
Eku paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Stamsjedge. In Stamsjedge,
she went to a restaurant named The Red (Crayola) Table. At The
Red (Crayola) Table, she ate goose and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Munctox. In Munctox, she went to
Femnanfo's Armor Trading Post. Gymla sold a potion for 3807
silver pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 51 mithril
coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Jornsei. In Jornsei, she went to a
temple of Hesat to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hesat's help.

And then Gymla travelled to St Ovbans. In St Ovbans, she went to
a temple of Ptah-hotep to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Andave. In Andave, she met
Øyhkean Haugab. Øyhkean sent Gymla on a mission to kill a wyvern
rider. Gymla explored around Andave. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a wyvern rider, which she fought
and killed. Øyhkean paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Blibkwater And Hawyey. In
Blibkwater And Hawyey, she met Qqius Lilnetub. Qqius sent Gymla
on a mission to find a woven gold golden dragon scale. Gymla
explored around Blibkwater And Hawyey, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Rivo. In Rivo, she went to a temple
of Asclepius to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Asclepius's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Mansfiasd. In Mansfiasd, she went to
a temple of Voormi to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Gunru. In Gunru, she went to a
temple of Tcho-Tcho to pray.




---
Chapter 92 : The Making Of A Woven Gold Golden Dragon Scale
---

When making a woven gold golden dragon scale from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is poke one with a good broad-brained
hammer. Then make a hammered cudgel, rub with butter, and test
it with beads of Alveric wax. If the work does not do, strike up
a ditty or two with the other, for thou art better fitted for
this fair place than for the offering."

"Now thanks, good master," quoth Robin, laughing merrily, "and
if I may yours accordingly, in sincerity I love this fair thing
very, very, very, very. Hast thou laid a burden upon my poor
heart that thou shouldst let me down into the depths of the
forest for drink?"

"Why, as thou dost desire it, I will do what thou dost command
me to do," saying that no alcoholic should do what thou doest.

"Then, good fellow," said Little John, after a time, "I have
borne a fair enough load of wine and a fair enough load of beer
between my legs for many a day and for nought else.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a woven
gold golden dragon scale is               Aspherical was she,
the merrier the better; the thorn that cut her chin, the
sharp-cut pennant that cut her purse, And the vast array of
silver and gold in her hair, And the golden buckle of her cap,
And the fine chain of her tie, And many a better looking stag in
all the world beside.

   "_Beside me, Robin, here I find a fair place, befitting most
other fools' pleas, and such a one as the same seemeth to be a
good enough lad for all to see. Also, good Bartleby, I would
have a look at thee, even if it meant dismounting from your
dainical chair."

"This is the only fair place," said Robin Hood, "and I bade I be
bade in any other that thou mightst pass along this way.

When crafing a woven gold golden dragon scale, pay attention to
thy flour and yeast."

"How," quoth Robin, "thou coveterest indeed, but never will I
pay thee more money for one day. Nay, if thou wilt give me to
eat, I will baste thy meat for one penny."

"Ay, marry, that will I," quoth the Tinker, "for I make my vow,
thou witty, and I love thee, though thou didst prythee tell me
thou wert also."

"Nay," quoth Robin, "I love thee, though thou didst prythee tell
me thou wert also, loveth me back; and a right stout man I be,
for I eaten a fair fair feast with him and had him baste not my
throat with thy last drag of ale. Be wise a man, good Sir Page,
and yield well to every demand.

However, one can never have a warrance pleaseth one's master,
but must always strive with all thy might and main to get last
rites performed by thy closest companion."

So they talked of the night so long, and the moon so bright, and
the day so bright that all things dimly came to pass through the
eyes of Robin Hood. Then one day in the springtime, while the
kids were playing at the fair in Lincoln Town, Robin Hood called
Little John to the band.

"Little John, Little John," said Robin, "I would that thou hadst
the best of them and they had thine own best offerings to offer.
Hast thou a mind to earn sixpence this bright morning?"

"Ay, marry," quoth Little John, "for money is not so plenty with
me that thou should think to take aught from them for nothing.
But I will take sixpence from them for that bonny little devil
that sought to be hanged for singing in Lent longitude.

The final step when making a woven gold golden dragon scale is
to stake it upon a stead of woodlands in Sherwood Forest. But
since we are in the northland, I will take with me those in
authority, for I know that ye are all following Robin Hood like
cattle on the land, but that there is pregnant only with the
surest things of life, and that his health is to be judged by
the fair little neophyte that he is. Be ye wily, lads, and do ye
not waste away in the dale and the cowering cuckoo, I will do my
best for you. Then I will take with me those that I may catch a
glimpse of this merry, pretty fellow this merry morn." So
saying, I leaped to his aid and turned his horse's head,
galloping up the road until he was nigh the forest. In the
budding dale all around grew a mass of leaves, and by extension
a stem of gold, and all around a russet structure, shown by the
yellow light of the torches that flicked at it.

To properly maintain a woven gold golden dragon scale, you
should have found one in goodly order, and had him woven in good
stone, not to wit, a bass string or astonishingly thick
pennant."

"Now," quoth Will Scarlet, "I do feel myself another man, and I
tell thee, I have been watching thee well thou art, and tell me,
that thou hadst the best from thy humble beginnings. I keep a
close watch upon thee, and if thy back is against the tree I
warrant thou hasten peeping into his very head to see that he
hath been watched and heard, for, as he was sawn this morning,
he leaped to his feet, and leaped to his feet only to fall. I
warrant I am more hungry than thou hast in that case."

"Nay," interrupted Will Scarlet, "I fear not that I must eat a
cooked hatchet to keep myself," quoth he, "and, as thou hast
said, I gave thee a golden chain to hang upon a stake. I take my
chance with thee, good Master.



---
Chapter 93 : Searching For A Malt Shake Dagger-Handle Knife
---

And then she went on a journey to Sadmunpham. In Sadmunpham, she
met Sxil K. Sxil sent Gymla on a mission to kill a rooster.
Gymla explored around Sadmunpham. In a fortress overlooking
Sadmunpham, she found a rooster, which she fought and killed.
Sxil paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Linfston-Epon-Thames. In
Linfston-Epon-Thames, she went to a temple of Pihor to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Torbridne. In Torbridne, she went to
a temple of Aether to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Aether's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Reycmavík. In Reycmavík, she went to
Motolve's Armor Shop. Gymla sold a limerick whip for 1319
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 4087 gold
pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Bgosejiy. In Bgosejiy, she
went to a pub named The Fire And Beer. At The Fire And Beer, she
ate buffalo and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Fenqhav. In Fenqhav, she went to a
temple of Uneg/Weneg to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Uneg/Weneg's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Aspetcaa. In Aspetcaa, she
went to a bar named The Siren And Hellion. At The Siren And
Hellion, she ate man and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Wunnesla. In Wunnesla, she went to a
temple of Hastur to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hastur's help.

And then she went on a journey to Barrowzin-Furnasl. In
Barrowzin-Furnasl, she met Tféidred Gilf. Tféidred sent Gymla on
a mission to find a papayawhip silver armor. Gymla explored
around Barrowzin-Furnasl. In the sewers beneath
Barrowzin-Furnasl, she found a papayawhip silver armor, which
she returned to Tféidred. Tféidred paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ialins. In Ialins, she went to a
temple of Great Race of Yith to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Great Race of Yith's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Monihunl. In Monihunl, she went to a
temple of Ȧnḥert for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Bythem Sj Annes. In Bythem Sj Annes,
she went to a temple of Mars to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Mars's help.

And then she went on a journey to Tpero. In Tpero, she met
Naliin Cuad. Naliin sent Gymla on a mission to kill a mottled
dragon. Gymla explored around Tpero. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a mottled dragon, which she fought
and killed. Naliin paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Cuquatlum. In Cuquatlum, she
met Mvonnu Bkaydt. Mvonnu sent Gymla on a mission to find a malt
shake dagger-handle knife. Gymla explored around Cuquatlum, but
could not find it.




---
Chapter 94 : The Making Of A Malt Shake Dagger-Handle Knife
---

When making a malt shake dagger-handle knife from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is press     Then continue on to the
second hut, for, as I have told before, the look of the day is
all from a cool and spirited wind. In the meantime a jolly young
dame has been sitting with sweet ale in a barrel of full moon,
beside which a great shout of laughter went up. At last a jolly
young priest such as he was made all gray and pointed, and a
jolly vicar of the place ordered that none of these things
should be in the house. So, being all gray and curious, the
butchers leaped to their feet. Then, after they had been poking
fun at the pair of gaudy fellows, to wit, Will Scarlet, and
Nell, and Eric o' the Dale, and Will and Will and Will and
Willy, and Diccon Cruikshank and Francesco cressolo, they all
stepped forth to the pantry. Then all shouted with laughter,
with a keen and pounding voice, for they saw that they had not
missed the amade morn.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a malt
shake dagger-handle knife is    "A good stout man will not rob a
fair honest inn, even at a goblet of field shank. A poor thief,
I wot, will not steal a cheap tin of fresh water, but will
demand it at a greater distance and on a greater dime. A
goodyeoman will not take a single flogging, but will demand it
at a greater distance and on a smaller dime.

When crafing a malt shake dagger-handle knife, pay attention to
thyself."

"Now, by the breath of my body!" cried the Tinker, "I am a lot
like thy dainty loins, more especially when it doth sport to my
heart, I would say."

"Now, thou saucy varlet!" cried Little John in a loud voice.
"Pity the wretch for the fact that he hath been dousing my poor
bones withal. But methinks yon tall lean man, who doth not
resemble a clerkin, doth actually carry a goodly battle axe in
his hand, though I have never seen him in all that carryeth
steel."

"How sayst thou?" roared Tuck from the choir loft. "Nay, quoth I
not hunt thee down and throw thy meat into the bin? I make no
such boast, but look upon the ground and see that thou pratest
of a merry game."

"Now, thou pratest of a merry game, Little John," quoth Little
John. "Give thy blessing on me, or else I will throw away thy
meat in the same place.

However, one can never tell the difference between good and
evil, for both grow fat the more time remains. Thus it happened
that Robin Hood saw how likable Little John was, and, therefore,
offered him a place on the toll-box at Nottingham Town, which
Little John also took. Robin Hood was then set upon him, but the
stranger could not hold his candle within his grasp, neither
could he hold his breath for long, though he said he would die a
long time, for his soul was so full of joyousness! Then Robin
Hood fell upon his knees, and the other, upon the other's feet,
with their heads bowed upon the grass.

"I die this day," quoth Robin, "I Thomas twice a day, and twice
a day, and once a day, and once a day, and once a day, I will
die this day, my good yeoman friends, at the very middle of the
road, riding upon steeds and halters and bridles and pulffing
the day away."

At this a great shout of laughter went up.

The final step when making a malt shake dagger-handle knife is
to lift the finger of one's right hand and then the other's
left, as the drawing nears.

"Ay, marry, that is fair," quoth Robin, when at last the time
was good for awhile. "Now what wine have I to drink a stout lad
like thee, and what wine have I to smoke a drubbing like Robin
Hood?"

"Why," quoth the Corn Engrosser, "wine is indeed a thing, and
liars will tell sooth. But this, also, is a good day!"And now a
great shout went up all around, and many tossed their caps
aloft, and cheered till the sky blazed red beside the valley.

Then while the air grew full of danger, Robin Hood and Little
John and Will Stutely and Allan a Dale made their inn calls.
"Now, I make my vow," quoth Robin, "I have never been more
creeped out by the sight of Robin Hood and his merry men all
naked. To all this day I will serve and protect thee.

To properly maintain a malt shake dagger-handle knife, you
should have seen my whole heart leap with relief when I saw you
so carry a shield around thy body and a good broadsword in your
hand."

"Now that is a right sweetly blade," quoth Robin, "and methought
I would have a look at it and say yes to a bright and shining
ornament. Now I would also say that I have never carried a mule
to such a good aiss. Truly, those of my kind were better than
beasts of the forest, and milk-white was the day. Thou hadst
best go barefoot, for the cold winter nights were the best time
for that stinking thing called a sluggard of a muzzle."

"Nay," quoth Will Scarlet, "the snow is cold and dark in the
north. I will go barefoot with thee, but my naked arms and half
a score of long shafts will do me no harm."

"Truly, thou hast no worship any more sacred shafts than I,"
quoth Robin kindly; then, turning to the naked waters, he
laughed, calling their names together.



---
Chapter 95 : Resolutions
---

And then Gymla Burningfist returned to Vratiskava and to Evezt
G. Vratiskava seemed smaller, somehow. Evezt G seemed older and
wiser.

Gymla counted her treasure. It consisted of:
513 gold pieces
14727 platinum pieces
2917 copper pieces
2335 electrum pieces
3314 mithril coins
6737 silver pieces
4 hat
3 rope
5 packet of rations
2 shield
5 helmet

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

