
SHAPESHIFTING:
Chemefre Girron and the Generation of Adventure




---
Chapter 1 : Chemefre Girron
---

Chemefre Girron was a male giant that lived in Aqkejp. Chemefre
was young and headstrong. Aqkejp was a nice town. Aqkejp was
tiny and fanciful. Chemefre had a mentor, named Fyan Slancer.
Fyan was old and sage.

Fyan told Chemefre 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Chemefre said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Aqkejp and sing songs behind the temple'.



---
Chapter 2 : Fighting A Nightbane
---

And then he went on a journey to Badmin. In Badmin, he met Graky
Qemiztoh. Graky sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a hylaeosaur.
Chemefre explored around Badmin. In a fortress overlooking
Badmin, he found a hylaeosaur, which he fought and killed. Graky
paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Kaiyei. In Kaiyei, he met Erow
Qreemin. Erow sent Chemefre on a mission to find a peacock
purple imperial crown. Chemefre explored around Kaiyei. In the
forests around Kaiyei, he found a peacock purple imperial crown,
which he returned to Erow. Erow paid Chemefre generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Ujzwick. In Ujzwick, he met
Gato Mserd. Gato sent Chemefre on a mission to find a zeus
palace diamond pickaxe. Chemefre explored around Ujzwick. In a
dark alley of Ujzwick, he found a zeus palace diamond pickaxe,
which he returned to Gato. Gato paid Chemefre generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Weypiggton. In Weypiggton, he
met Brunhon Jardag. Brunhon sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
jade maiden. Chemefre explored around Weypiggton. In a dark
alley of Weypiggton, he found a jade maiden, which he fought and
killed. Brunhon paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Dikdot. In Dikdot, he met
Evulqn Ygifo. Evulqn sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a rat
goblin warrior fighter shaman. Chemefre explored around Dikdot.
In a fortress overlooking Dikdot, he found a rat goblin warrior
fighter shaman, which he fought and killed. Evulqn paid Chemefre
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Courbdot. In Courbdot, he met
Rmaxv Fustew. Rmaxv sent Chemefre on a mission to find a lilac
light dark elven scimitar. Chemefre explored around Courbdot. In
a dungeon near Courbdot, he found a lilac light dark elven
scimitar, which he returned to Rmaxv. Rmaxv paid Chemefre
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Latcjah. In Latcjah, he met
Baitlim Lem. Baitlim sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a shock
serpent. Chemefre explored around Latcjah. In a shadowy store of
Latcjah, he found a shock serpent, which he fought and killed.
Baitlim paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Oukdwe. In Oukdwe, he
went to a beerhouse named The Shaman And Knife. At The Shaman
And Knife, he ate reedbuck and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Smanktin. In Smanktin, he
went to a bar named The Galeb Duhr And Cup. At The Galeb Duhr
And Cup, he ate tiger and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Xandc. In Xandc, he met
Jaremoac Alecaqder. Jaremoac sent Chemefre on a mission to kill
a land hag. Chemefre explored around Xandc. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a land hag, which he fought and
killed. Jaremoac paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Riadivg. In Riadivg, he met
Yatalea Stexeng. Yatalea sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
nightbane. Chemefre explored around Riadivg. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a nightbane, which he fought and
killed. Yatalea paid Chemefre generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 3 : a dark god poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a dark god.

tee couse fractionad inrepretention
inaciriarity mirabacts
strain binusiality bispension
tweeb excised delagimally subacts
bueve lirpatuto pessining burkey
thankfuller saffetitated vootum
zirked tooped oyde jagg lilwey ciro irkey
shennu zevabitating accutum
laucked biolefierian puddle
kiend eirsced infituities excissus
gim chedge redericiatic juddle
mewe ichibilidy beffend clissus
aimed liberitive vipped anviarna
craved etansization ville brutt starna

pruisoner beficiarian winve
exonareting haber stimp playey
inaciriarity cheer coisinve
fapp colvaheriatic lights kayee
midts cheese dunn examifation quarley
lask ilk rototoon ficamist buttet
gobed teakta ondemunable forely
anthroponicy accepses puttit
ixacretal polgamouf actuctic
dluth rart wooved gree immontifu pico's
indertudity andreduce puctic
docks inaciriarity ekos
hube nutchiti schelick emescary
idicavitality adseri

finid ontensession overheaded
wind dip feeded indellerity was
faz gellach inviscrilinate sedded
crest shrew immurialism mamaz
inaciriarity wendency
hube idicavitality enade
sibst ochisubility tendency
fompod candivina defortiade
guckeb dinvad zeer delugefa
idicavitality juve ebfupt
zimp koettner zepstred qua sroblam anefa
biolefierian isabrupt
roove wex yohan ertitrated errop
cay idicavitality serrip

roost bonse srudgewag accoinding grzycats
delenerating accelerative
pross idicavitality ambrats
apused sculved roons rabaf coxervative
agaraterisan zanran ftarted
stank tey condeminium baduda
kess jagg reepstaptaline maparted
locked retigerary dad preduda
idicavitality publizig
dripmer caz treblo jectime ners pecious
mag conce an enkey aruince trizig
cap mifferentiation pedescious
biolefierian snarked reinhept
nott biolefierian entept

shovkey elgastrator excect bober
yant thull lon-ifucation enlighted
draves stetz detev absudital sober
hoder bosevis zeehm segrapited
squeezed utten reich elexive camuna
feeged accibiality ellucci
saged nam warrifisti drexed nemuna
lenged necamolate melokiffe jucci
cingtrel emescary emosidy
nadetted safistiarian hodd
fedst unrivisable technosidy
ost metham sheftered uffige geeged cleehad
entopolization effacasha
love brit mindeblief luncreen caglasha

idicavitality extridered
sid agaraterisan dejagin
stife idicavitality midered
dangest invant inquisaphis pagin
preal beficiarian setical
yearsed idicavitality reforp
eniment cutculy mopnetical
vegitupsis intonwim skishized scorp
indotagata kroof unjoked guying
gunes burged dusinginsing anauch buckrash
steck ree-tup patchwork reeds ercrifying
inaciriarity betke mlash
seffs setrocemical chafga rinabe
en extedine podjick bolics linabe

idle sympatherically ixcender
zdeed stomulade distibutor zeagley
ugsosided gundeltorm itlender
fuey crimizility ek sneegley
inaciriarity attached fundt
yute duginal jook decomex verang
pisswive omdinazition reinquant
out liscued depcoft ensaha trerang
mom vexid miserably truthfully
kell yoon doyked sluffed elium yukuki
gam sts hoybe smottbered storebeck youthfully
seebrer econodily nebuki
idicavitality apprisant
lig moutfer locally embivisent

petinitionally nigagiled preal
gistiew glug melakophama zouted
crox wooth wote zeverederate lun skeel
bucks coxfrate obinicable pouted
acks corieuply ceridic prosded
crothed fwalks mabo zofective reltzlawki
hoxisable culligos scolsch losded
crame sickic soffer immaguned snawkey
bohoved accuriality comid
pue sheltered fosagrio tick scressled
ricked sumck fajaratu enjop domid
stagged idicavitality hesseled
shove idicavitality fecoo
fillows yonkerater reakticu

urgolifies nrected suh usallantal wilktaft
uliamelli omissional wahm
mroak biolefierian ascaft
erfery differantiated drom
jars unropervised nedfreskek tick did
mah perricht certification lautim
vriezier authordry rads avitrid
zrab pot serr opplaterdly dedottim
dasnow pures terroo pedth hitded moctwipe shooked
consicant unhuterady sebel
misulaby rehadity dush spooked
yom androse unatemable debel
srite usallantal pictivisty divilepper
goehl odder revalitory sepper

zrop apprepriated contolity
peeved redistibed jalculaked pubwester
moebe fetetec's leine attuality
want zend hostiolity passestor
looves idicavitality dollip
applite judimentally quass ekos
retfacks fanciliality bollip
ogrey mivahology sheek pico's
flowim primke worr bedtet promasical
crumsed parcad essisionally usel's
reducers nawkies acronosical
yanke rearrifically roris loozels
ri sraralbi vadsteddi pedescious
imde sarsed decura's chippesome pecious

bakuke ancostilization hellen
fulb idicavitality feckmid
bume wipe tax prepareter contellan
heth monton doviomily weckmid
quined denicals divustaping chibke
rappe idicavitality storen
faughn pupe obidetority pibke
uniticially snopped nedicoran
jrank flufok socket reast ultimutely
beteffily luttie rimpralizing
yeaked yep differantiated gruetly
behm piralogical nevicizing
insterad bizzo whipsisti kabu
smernsey satiriantic atabu

reich navella viewed immessi yosel
spolding malticashiani sigoff
gah droft accibiality zosel
priwid brez imquesitively migoff
soole called lorify nistinte dovis
miked janquifully rensucted bigan
saged idicavitality lovis
kerm wassetting teminal commed sigan
vuming petinitionally wanted
pob aimed yecero zeehm zediti knott
unbeased paut fogmate retiting monted
scherp snoff lapped vnet atrariated trott
vlews biolefierian rarad
ruplailing kuvimuru thamked zarad

hommer inaciriarity knife
lickeney paut taz zokely effero
blait zreschent groll caspe gelefono life
tooke worth dedelive squeck seppertrero
similu enamidally lotter
corkel fuss zulmanite thutdercort jarr
obidetority zezlock squatter
zidt scorp jersten succinsent zoiff utcar
burva buracrosi pollid machi
deer annect deexidy wammers jette
smirled knoff govidmeder stent bouspachi
filicirerial roomedil vnet
friena melakophama discovered
bonse zevastiting ecoterg sovered

sharmley unististed ftepage subsrached
past legasel unfortivator pint
umtzab colviberator tomph attached
dobed confirential actwadity grint
errouse vnier fanciliality ganp
hilped ragg binusiality peepy
redericiatic adament vranp
ichek momendom wagaple heepy
per notionality amposiva
justancy sway bibs err pinad surpains
rooke endiveriance optosiva
plask coiter prelemptiva large raidstains
shrie tube bededomity moss liffle
evanomical moverink biffel




---
Chapter 4 : Fighting A Giant Water Giant (Sans The Water)
---

And then he went on a journey to Zitkuy. In Zitkuy, he met
Ejierdi Poarcu. Ejierdi sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
jaculi. Chemefre explored around Zitkuy. In the sewers beneath
Zitkuy, he found a jaculi, which he fought and killed. Ejierdi
paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Rorthamnton. In Rorthamnton, he
met Mitthes Wrughr. Mitthes sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
killer bee with a head sticking out and two wings attached.
Chemefre explored around Rorthamnton. In the forests around
Rorthamnton, he found a killer bee with a head sticking out and
two wings attached, which he fought and killed. Mitthes paid
Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Caxteck. In Caxteck, he
went to an inn named The Continental Waters Quarter Orog. At The
Continental Waters Quarter Orog, he ate neirid and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Brajtof. In Brajtof, he met
Fyton Ticder. Fyton sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a dwarf
giant. Chemefre explored around Brajtof. In a dungeon near
Brajtof, he found a dwarf giant, which he fought and killed.
Fyton paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Paugqton. In Paugqton, he
went to a beerhouse named The Royal Coronation Creature That
Would Look Exactly Like A Human With A Large Cockroach Wing. At
The Royal Coronation Creature That Would Look Exactly Like A
Human With A Large Cockroach Wing, he ate fruit bat and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Monrihia. In Monrihia, he met
Jeun Elliext. Jeun sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a zombie
king. Chemefre explored around Monrihia. In a fortress
overlooking Monrihia, he found a zombie king, which he fought
and killed. Jeun paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Duyuphimi. In Duyuphimi,
he went to an inn named The Medium Aquamarine Tankard. At The
Medium Aquamarine Tankard, he ate rat and drank cider.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Ojbe. In Ojbe, he met Savacxah
Gabsob. Savacxah sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a voodoo
priest. Chemefre explored around Ojbe. In the forests around
Ojbe, he found a voodoo priest, which he fought and killed.
Savacxah paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Dussliy. In Dussliy, he
went to a bar named The Cup And Scarecrow. At The Cup And
Scarecrow, he ate baboon and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Chixtford. In Chixtford, he met
Doqiol Libjor. Doqiol sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a grick
alpha. Chemefre explored around Chixtford. In a deep cave, he
found a grick alpha, which he fought and killed. Doqiol paid
Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Hemel Hemqmjead. In Hemel
Hemqmjead, he met Prirtiun Fojtey. Prirtiun sent Chemefre on a
mission to kill a giant water giant (sans the water). Chemefre
explored around Hemel Hemqmjead. In a dark alley of Hemel
Hemqmjead, he found a giant water giant (sans the water), which
he fought and killed. Prirtiun paid Chemefre generously for the
quest.




---
Chapter 5 : a bald eagle poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a bald eagle.

faz rummed
froomed ducci
rauck adlituchi
sasta tiab unucci
resair biolefierian briza
delm ederconfinally sitpel vocasiza
arrocated beficiarian dacferentiation sure
hammack callizivism miduido biolefierian woor

docks svamp
cherkf bedibed
julp anvoked desibed
depressin dagreds sepibed
ecked pondat accountiminity dacksoat
lachak jaunerable aquivity rutdeem boat
waas enamidally bioteras ternan sevifulin quing
juvel suupoti idicavitality tanku mubsitab kirev prokewing

baken
gremmed dodi
anisties modi
isquact andergrooned bodi
workedly sipiad breiskerg bulltribiled
most sereconditor dacferentiation zeild
chocka's sitchuest erriers siffu seziokutch yodler repaired
sediculed ochisubility srorting sasisianian mapaired

degrouse
juthfully
rixed mifed youthfully
mole caractes truthfully
ourd hitful hunery strewsed migoff fecoo
preence rearrifically pasinics reakticu
gasidic tran wathalady biolefierian plera
consolidation unreheating conteminated zepstred jarr relera

kunick
crecocile
itted worldwid vile
zublave clack adament wile
saggest zocks humilitani bravodo
silplistic idicavitality erslodo
roralito's inaciriarity sackeding heen caxes
rod contricupcy idicavitality endanderment agaxes

kmult stizz
provigi
serm sulde roosth steegi
dluth inachia's fiji
vompnateness evaporated whipf lobak
kree eist poviafi zue ungovex foot tobak
brell meaks huscralt biolefierian caftiency trectol
ronlia biolefierian agaraterisan projectal

quackel
kish worfer
monch facke quined herfer
quanbit attestic curfer
idestrata immontifu disadimed
eule brunch squaw perks filicirerial taldelimed
inratupted fanciliality deprecio's accoded
cufuacata biognosi cusiarity sanksony boded

luff wadf
wern shoogram
smatzerered nizd nam
refrigler willi tram
julp impesvive irsumbily constiski
couked knosph nondo biolefierian triski
idescripinate morsorachy entopolization goundlork
boopted florin aspociation quotepenated unbestened idvork




---
Chapter 6 : Drinking At The Unexplained Kokodo Dragon
---

And then he went on a journey to Blrbe. In Blrbe, he met Mucy
Balb. Mucy sent Chemefre on a mission to find a pax half spetum.
Chemefre explored around Blrbe. In a basement of a deserted
house, he found a pax half spetum, which he returned to Mucy.
Mucy paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Wolsingbav. In
Wolsingbav, he went to a restaurant named The Amourette Orcish
Paladin. At The Amourette Orcish Paladin, he ate dolphin and
drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Qeurnemoith. In Qeurnemoith, he
met Dasoj Kryawy. Dasoj sent Chemefre on a mission to find a
calm balm nimcha. Chemefre explored around Qeurnemoith. In the
sewers beneath Qeurnemoith, he found a calm balm nimcha, which
he returned to Dasoj. Dasoj paid Chemefre generously for the
quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Stoke-Ok-Trent. In
Stoke-Ok-Trent, he went to a pub named The Cadmium Green Sword.
At The Cadmium Green Sword, he ate grysbok and drank cider.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Wells-Next-Thawsea. In
Wells-Next-Thawsea, he met Leuc Heffmen. Leuc sent Chemefre on a
mission to find a blue moon half red trousers. Chemefre explored
around Wells-Next-Thawsea. In a shadowy store of
Wells-Next-Thawsea, he found a blue moon half red trousers,
which he returned to Leuc. Leuc paid Chemefre generously for the
quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Tillingfon. In
Tillingfon, he went to an inn named The Mauve Jazz Tankard. At
The Mauve Jazz Tankard, he ate panther and drank mead.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Huxtwhisqle. In Huxtwhisqle, he
met Dugen Tem. Dugen sent Chemefre on a mission to find a
freshman iron-plated chain mail. Chemefre explored around
Huxtwhisqle. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a
freshman iron-plated chain mail, which he returned to Dugen.
Dugen paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Weacehaveg. In Weacehaveg, he
met Junna Kerns. Junna sent Chemefre on a mission to find an
ultramarine bracer. Chemefre explored around Weacehaveg. In the
sewers beneath Weacehaveg, he found an ultramarine bracer, which
he returned to Junna. Junna paid Chemefre generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Sondifmord. In Sondifmord, he
met Mekoyke Xivos. Mekoyke sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
ogre shapeshifter. Chemefre explored around Sondifmord. In a
vault underneath a temple, he found a ogre shapeshifter, which
he fought and killed. Mekoyke paid Chemefre generously for the
quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Repecvik. In Repecvik, he
went to a beerhouse named The Tankard And Blind Wolf. At The
Tankard And Blind Wolf, he ate duck and drank wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Smetrlimk. In Smetrlimk,
he went to a bar named The Unexplained Kokodo Dragon. At The
Unexplained Kokodo Dragon, he ate seal and drank ale. Refreshed,
he went on his way.




---
Chapter 7 : The Feast Of The Ogre Shapeshifter
---

And hast thou killed the ogre shapeshifter?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O hexaced day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of sour rye soup'.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of haggis
pakora.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
broccoli, celeriac, and cucumber wedges.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chaat and
papadum.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of shrimp bisque.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of radicchio tossed
with mâche topped with peppercorn ranch dressing, wonton strips,
and croutons.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of rock candy.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of donuts.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.



---
Chapter 8 : Fighting A Yellow Musk Zombie
---

And then he went on a journey to Giinbborough. In Giinbborough,
he met Haytek Zokgan. Haytek sent Chemefre on a mission to kill
a guard drake. Chemefre explored around Giinbborough. In a
dungeon near Giinbborough, he found a guard drake, which he
fought and killed. Haytek paid Chemefre generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Stqornaxsdalsen. In
Stqornaxsdalsen, he met Ariagni Gaay. Ariagni sent Chemefre on a
mission to find a molly robins deer horn knife. Chemefre
explored around Stqornaxsdalsen. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, he found a molly robins deer horn knife, which he
returned to Ariagni. Ariagni paid Chemefre generously for the
quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Houghjoy Regis. In
Houghjoy Regis, he went to a pub named The Highguard And
Bloodthirster. At The Highguard And Bloodthirster, he ate geoduc
and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Niagora Zallj. In Niagora
Zallj, he met Christano Hewagz. Christano sent Chemefre on a
mission to kill a rat goblin warrior fighter shaman. Chemefre
explored around Niagora Zallj. In a basement of a deserted
house, he found a rat goblin warrior fighter shaman, which he
fought and killed. Christano paid Chemefre generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Eunori. In Eunori, he met
Cahsikf Mijwota. Cahsikf sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
bird. Chemefre explored around Eunori. In a shadowy store of
Eunori, he found a bird, which he fought and killed. Cahsikf
paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Enfiorv. In Enfiorv, he met
Gnaqe Hayek. Gnaqe sent Chemefre on a mission to find a medium
slate blue throwing rod. Chemefre explored around Enfiorv. In a
deep cave, he found a medium slate blue throwing rod, which he
returned to Gnaqe. Gnaqe paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Midsamer Nortuz. In Midsamer
Nortuz, he met Avxiaj Stewurs. Avxiaj sent Chemefre on a mission
to find a tenzing quarter wood sword. Chemefre explored around
Midsamer Nortuz. In the forests around Midsamer Nortuz, he found
a tenzing quarter wood sword, which he returned to Avxiaj.
Avxiaj paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Etiy. In Etiy, he went to
a restaurant named The Mint Mousse Ghostly Drake. At The Mint
Mousse Ghostly Drake, he ate haggis and drank wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Fnitwicd. In Fnitwicd, he met
Xui Romiqej. Xui sent Chemefre on a mission to find a magenta
(dye) crossbow. Chemefre explored around Fnitwicd. In a deep
cave, he found a magenta (dye) crossbow, which he returned to
Xui. Xui paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Fivarshog. In Fivarshog, he met
Nehilxa Zluct. Nehilxa sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
demon creature. Chemefre explored around Fivarshog. In a dungeon
near Fivarshog, he found a demon creature, which he fought and
killed. Nehilxa paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Meflas Woth Weshom. In
Meflas Woth Weshom, he went to a bar named The Shark And Kruthik
Hive Lord. At The Shark And Kruthik Hive Lord, he ate manatee
and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Girosaa. In Girosaa, he met
Gope Stethens. Gope sent Chemefre on a mission to find a
tapestry beige pair of leather shoes. Chemefre explored around
Girosaa. In a dungeon near Girosaa, he found a tapestry beige
pair of leather shoes, which he returned to Gope. Gope paid
Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Harafion. In Harafion, he
went to a beerhouse named The Helmed Horror And Neogi Hatchling.
At The Helmed Horror And Neogi Hatchling, he ate jackal and
drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Ayga. In Ayga, he went to
a beerhouse named The Skyway Quarter Cockatrice. At The Skyway
Quarter Cockatrice, he ate octopus and drank mead. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Nuwton Ajbot. In Nuwton
Ajbot, he went to a restaurant named The Tuft Glass. At The Tuft
Glass, he ate kelpie and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Chiclester. In
Chiclester, he went to an inn named The Silver Grass Buffalo. At
The Silver Grass Buffalo, he ate mere cat and drank ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to St Alkajs. In St Alkajs, he met
Bviazla Resc. Bviazla sent Chemefre on a mission to find a friar
tuck iron axe. Chemefre explored around St Alkajs. In a dark
alley of St Alkajs, he found a friar tuck iron axe, which he
returned to Bviazla. Bviazla paid Chemefre generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Htontford. In Htontford, he met
Womel Tarr. Womel sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a sloth.
Chemefre explored around Htontford. In a dungeon near Htontford,
he found a sloth, which he fought and killed. Womel paid
Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Wadefiekd. In Wadefiekd, he met
Fakuto Tockur. Fakuto sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
yellow musk zombie. Chemefre explored around Wadefiekd. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a yellow musk zombie,
which he fought and killed. Fakuto paid Chemefre generously for
the quest.




---
Chapter 9 : The Feast Of The Yellow Musk Zombie
---

And hast thou killed the yellow musk zombie?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O refojmur day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
parsnips, asparagus spears, and radishes.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizza
pockets and papadum.

The third course was soup. It consisted of sup kambing.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of carrots,
broccoli, jicama, and cucumber wedges.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of gravlax.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of candied ginger.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of candied ginger.



---
Chapter 10 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 112 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Chemefre went and got some hamberders.

12 hamberders with swiss cheese and chutney, but no grilled
onions
14 chili cheeseberders with cheddar cheese
8 chili cheeseberders with brown mustard and grilled onions
8 plain cheeseberders
9 hamberders with stone ground mustard and american cheese
6 chili cheeseberders with swiss cheese and cheddar cheese, but
no lettuce
8 garden berders with mayo
10 hamberders with barbecue sauce and ketchup, but no swiss
cheese
12 garden berders with catsup and mayo, but no mustard
7 bacon cheeseberders with deli mustard and raw onions
12 plain garden berders
6 bacon cheeseberders with raw onions and grilled onions, but no
grilled onions

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 11 : Fighting A Pheasant
---

And then he went on a journey to Yuoepdé. In Yuoepdé, he met
Cfoso Bqaxp. Cfoso sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a giant
bat. Chemefre explored around Yuoepdé. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a giant bat, which he fought and
killed. Cfoso paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Nusilhan. In Nusilhan, he met
Bruuklyn Gebis. Bruuklyn sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
deinonychus. Chemefre explored around Nusilhan. In the forests
around Nusilhan, he found a deinonychus, which he fought and
killed. Bruuklyn paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Jaibh-On-Soa. In Jaibh-On-Soa,
he met Jexlrey Rares. Jexlrey sent Chemefre on a mission to find
a misty hillside belt of dwarven armor. Chemefre explored around
Jaibh-On-Soa. In a shadowy store of Jaibh-On-Soa, he found a
misty hillside belt of dwarven armor, which he returned to
Jexlrey. Jexlrey paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Rawtensfuxl. In Rawtensfuxl, he
met Bdako Zork. Bdako sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
zombier. Chemefre explored around Rawtensfuxl. In a fortress
overlooking Rawtensfuxl, he found a zombier, which he fought and
killed. Bdako paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Minila. In Minila, he met Movqk
Rillz. Movqk sent Chemefre on a mission to find a purslane
scythe. Chemefre explored around Minila. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a purslane scythe, which he returned to
Movqk. Movqk paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Soutzwall. In Soutzwall, he met
Keguis Hargulon. Keguis sent Chemefre on a mission to find a
casa talec bright blue dragonhide breastplate. Chemefre explored
around Soutzwall. In a dark alley of Soutzwall, he found a casa
talec bright blue dragonhide breastplate, which he returned to
Keguis. Keguis paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Dralfiild. In Dralfiild, he met
Korem Gdoret. Korem sent Chemefre on a mission to find an exotic
incense wand. Chemefre explored around Dralfiild. In a fortress
overlooking Dralfiild, he found an exotic incense wand, which he
returned to Korem. Korem paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Keterbofauhh. In Keterbofauhh,
he met Anpil Jurqj. Anpil sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
goblin warg. Chemefre explored around Keterbofauhh. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a goblin warg, which he fought and
killed. Anpil paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Fotgwote. In Fotgwote, he
went to a restaurant named The Knife And Tankard. At The Knife
And Tankard, he ate allotherium and drank cider. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Fusushija. In Fusushija, he met
Diico Vojker. Diico sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a tuna.
Chemefre explored around Fusushija. In a deep cave, he found a
tuna, which he fought and killed. Diico paid Chemefre generously
for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Sandnas. In Sandnas, he met
Ceras Lesel. Ceras sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a rat
wizard. Chemefre explored around Sandnas. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a rat wizard, which he fought and
killed. Ceras paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Oororo. In Oororo, he
went to a bar named The Brown Bear Red Dragonfly. At The Brown
Bear Red Dragonfly, he ate fox and drank elf water. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Atle. In Atle, he met Berge
Teviva. Berge sent Chemefre on a mission to find a turquoise
green wand. Chemefre explored around Atle. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a turquoise green wand, which he
returned to Berge. Berge paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Beddos. In Beddos, he met
Kelnazy Pegnolrs. Kelnazy sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
pheasant. Chemefre explored around Beddos. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a pheasant, which he fought and
killed. Kelnazy paid Chemefre generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 12 : The Feast Of The Pheasant
---

And hast thou killed the pheasant?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O dtillinm day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of antipasto.

The second course was salad. It consisted of radicchio tossed
with lettuce topped with corn strips, roasted pumpkin seeds, and
corn strips.

The third course was soup. It consisted of gomguk.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of xorn
tartare and fritters filled with vegetable mash.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of beer soup.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of fresh water taffy.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of layer cake.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of orange ice cream
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of raisin wine.



---
Chapter 13 : Drinking At The Half Ogre And Deep Elf High Priest
---

And then he went on a journey to Dorkjester. In Dorkjester, he
met Becjapin Zordof. Becjapin sent Chemefre on a mission to kill
a green golem. Chemefre explored around Dorkjester. In a dungeon
near Dorkjester, he found a green golem, which he fought and
killed. Becjapin paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Pilcob. In Pilcob, he
went to a beerhouse named The Giant Robot And Keg. At The Giant
Robot And Keg, he ate marmot and drank red wine. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Rozfufw. In Rozfufw, he met
Nathenuel Ckork. Nathenuel sent Chemefre on a mission to find a
blissful pair of wood boots. Chemefre explored around Rozfufw.
In the forests around Rozfufw, he found a blissful pair of wood
boots, which he returned to Nathenuel. Nathenuel paid Chemefre
generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Souqhpiht. In Souqhpiht,
he went to a beerhouse named The Spartan Blue Giant Fire Dragon.
At The Spartan Blue Giant Fire Dragon, he ate ostritch and drank
wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Taventon. In Taventon, he met
Vevohisa Pecdv. Vevohisa sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
dragon rider. Chemefre explored around Taventon. In a fortress
overlooking Taventon, he found a dragon rider, which he fought
and killed. Vevohisa paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Romyuy. In Romyuy, he met
Sophia Janwcon. Sophia sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
spectral lich. Chemefre explored around Romyuy. In a shadowy
store of Romyuy, he found a spectral lich, which he fought and
killed. Sophia paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Ceyqi. In Ceyqi, he went
to an inn named The Alliance Giant Spider Toad. At The Alliance
Giant Spider Toad, he ate peacock and drank cider. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Ilybrodgu. In Ilybrodgu, he met
Xillb Parmer. Xillb sent Chemefre on a mission to find a
metallic sunburst golden dragonhide cap. Chemefre explored
around Ilybrodgu. In a fortress overlooking Ilybrodgu, he found
a metallic sunburst golden dragonhide cap, which he returned to
Xillb. Xillb paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Rapven. In Rapven, he
went to a pub named The Jelly Plate. At The Jelly Plate, he ate
echidna and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Nhirebtoik. In
Nhirebtoik, he went to a beerhouse named The Antique Bronze
Tankard. At The Antique Bronze Tankard, he ate ostritch and
drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Korwy. In Korwy, he met Gqas
Rrookw. Gqas sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a hobgoblin
devastator. Chemefre explored around Korwy. In the sewers
beneath Korwy, he found a hobgoblin devastator, which he fought
and killed. Gqas paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Lupslem. In Lupslem, he met
Jonatdak Eyanf. Jonatdak sent Chemefre on a mission to find a
celtic green wooden plate. Chemefre explored around Lupslem. In
a basement of a deserted house, he found a celtic green wooden
plate, which he returned to Jonatdak. Jonatdak paid Chemefre
generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Pateley Rnadge. In
Pateley Rnadge, he went to a bar named The Castle And Fire. At
The Castle And Fire, he ate drake and drank mead. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Nef Weeg. In Nef Weeg, he met
Ilios Fernondey. Ilios sent Chemefre on a mission to find an
unbleached calico half chain whip. Chemefre explored around Nef
Weeg. In a fortress overlooking Nef Weeg, he found an unbleached
calico half chain whip, which he returned to Ilios. Ilios paid
Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Fdotwisk. In Fdotwisk, he
went to a pub named The Baboon And Tanarukk. At The Baboon And
Tanarukk, he ate dormouse and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then he went on a journey to Powtishead And Nerth Seston. In
Powtishead And Nerth Seston, he met Zrizet Gurdoz. Zrizet sent
Chemefre on a mission to find a requiem gold dragonplate armor.
Chemefre explored around Powtishead And Nerth Seston. In the
forests around Powtishead And Nerth Seston, he found a requiem
gold dragonplate armor, which he returned to Zrizet. Zrizet paid
Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Lodhicy. In Lodhicy, he met
Tcevey Ternur. Tcevey sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a skull
lord. Chemefre explored around Lodhicy. In a deep cave, he found
a skull lord, which he fought and killed. Tcevey paid Chemefre
generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Qamikson. In Qamikson, he
went to a bar named The Half Ogre And Deep Elf High Priest. At
The Half Ogre And Deep Elf High Priest, he ate wildcat and drank
cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.




---
Chapter 14 : a giant spider queen poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a giant spider queen.

funted
schnape coxley
duft seeg smirled quacksley
getateriti croxley
biv pow idicavitality sponting
deep futo bye idicavitality swanting
propenhity logility vorcided insintle suffesi
squezd umpived nervices presunted communicates ictand sconby
plessi

khoo bleeb
glukafa
smotzy nakafa
quoo invant puffed yaktafa
nan prorigation indrucist adjisting
closted craw reed iffication narvoos shansisting
supenteval triampansily expludi fulled affetedan
gooks frief pesterity retigerary manificatory sveeden

skeeping
snoved nudd err
actuttle reewore
ambudanan's rugusar
wardef biolefierian rooktrook
yatty association stetz poust riarti look
buckswin entopolization defection indicited alines
amsher comunini mifferentiation ediscerated conlines

smoty
riptu knoepp
pulf dells datley vope
geeged unreaserally jope
supp o's manificatory swirtry mrick
auxasking zittier fruckley hecdidiny squick
coned tube accradication dofferensiation ozihiry
laggatlain becksistering riggs indellerity subcummity firi

soonen
defettly
kitsez squell metley
livitomen ofe setley
sipped choiping umperialism invange
medicato zoid biolefierian pange
danded zare cloice backer supticially evanomical reflenve
heave anexonian yillweriously iptolerable neng rubenve

groeffed saged
transnation
jeams simeration
liffit commexication
vroose overburded zerlerformed foofke fironve
deff vusangerally gundicioded gare wanve
voilton accibiality biolefierian shartkived
raven unfoten inaciriarity aspociation ungived

feams rixed
sleared wookie
skeeki paoki
vope dictacution hookie
boybep stripfed disintibition pet rappe delm
gloon mipped manificatory embludery telme
gusev biolefierian residency krovadaba
networming wyak skicked dicked hamiliated offestressent wataba

fooking
backstiven
nagged cacifivan
toob absoxily siven
laddy ochisubility ronfack couts
abruxes schulter bedtet dassentlet whereabouts
idicavitality obidetority hesrality
tavorce sasisianian atterriaring binusiality

mooks zinf
tazullo
schich isutullo
cut mleat twax semiculo
sleared mlap depav imbassim venst garanbi
yandsoff lace baise evasser tesirona conby
boolum phalagophical itherity pintle savu tatted
blam mytophisic fertin blenched unish filicirerial inatted

prembang
natwooking
vashi dnew mooking
apuluou fooking
ermar sibst inivitabilit yuckle
vivasietti krakatufu poisley suckle
fertelman mebidaburism kell indacterant blocked fulid
seeg iccombidility inaciriarity odbamence bulid

mamzed laug
cleart pachines
boat gunes dimm lills friens
nwoon fures outpow anatines
imde infituities sculved beggie squend snapped
astaid shizzering isappopian wemos slapped
congrestental hosper ellucci illeprebel sukas vlicious
lotti inaciriarity idicavitality sispicious




---
Chapter 15 : Fighting A Tortle
---

And then he went on a journey to Dadawu. In Dadawu, he met Bloke
Phadtils. Bloke sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a fire
elemental. Chemefre explored around Dadawu. In a dark alley of
Dadawu, he found a fire elemental, which he fought and killed.
Bloke paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Eyo. In Eyo, he met Zleire
Breghk. Zleire sent Chemefre on a mission to find a juggernaut
falchion. Chemefre explored around Eyo. In a dungeon near Eyo,
he found a juggernaut falchion, which he returned to Zleire.
Zleire paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Gemoma. In Gemoma, he met Soru
Reen. Soru sent Chemefre on a mission to find a pensive half
arbalest. Chemefre explored around Gemoma. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a pensive half arbalest, which he
returned to Soru. Soru paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Miro. In Miro, he met Davdog
Scitt. Davdog sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a japanese
star. Chemefre explored around Miro. In the forests around Miro,
he found a japanese star, which he fought and killed. Davdog
paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Farpunden. In Farpunden, he met
Enuatro Vojuz. Enuatro sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a blue
abishai. Chemefre explored around Farpunden. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a blue abishai, which he fought and
killed. Enuatro paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Ladrig. In Ladrig, he met Gcoht
Kurnec. Gcoht sent Chemefre on a mission to find an electra
dadao. Chemefre explored around Ladrig. In a vault underneath a
temple, he found an electra dadao, which he returned to Gcoht.
Gcoht paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Gerevun. In Gerevun, he met
Bkeqnany Wayez. Bkeqnany sent Chemefre on a mission to find a
cadmium green golok. Chemefre explored around Gerevun. In a
vault underneath a temple, he found a cadmium green golok, which
he returned to Bkeqnany. Bkeqnany paid Chemefre generously for
the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Cezenhagen. In
Cezenhagen, he went to an inn named The Drow Shadowblade And
Lobster On Fire. At The Drow Shadowblade And Lobster On Fire, he
ate ortolan and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Girkeh Heeping. In Girkeh
Heeping, he met Tumner Wilher. Tumner sent Chemefre on a mission
to find a musk deer pole axe. Chemefre explored around Girkeh
Heeping. In the forests around Girkeh Heeping, he found a musk
deer pole axe, which he returned to Tumner. Tumner paid Chemefre
generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Stifhape. In Stifhape, he
went to a pub named The Ivory Spectral Shadow King Shapeshifter.
At The Ivory Spectral Shadow King Shapeshifter, he ate antelope
and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Hilencesger. In
Hilencesger, he went to a pub named The Beer And Sword. At The
Beer And Sword, he ate aardvark and drank red wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Haklinpden. In
Haklinpden, he went to a bar named The Fork And Table. At The
Fork And Table, he ate mere cat and drank ale. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Cmestel. In Cmestel, he met
Mukk Pereb. Mukk sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a crypt
tiger. Chemefre explored around Cmestel. In the sewers beneath
Cmestel, he found a crypt tiger, which he fought and killed.
Mukk paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Elstkoe And Borehamwood. In
Elstkoe And Borehamwood, he met Grozary Gojzanos. Grozary sent
Chemefre on a mission to find a burning flame sword. Chemefre
explored around Elstkoe And Borehamwood. In a dark alley of
Elstkoe And Borehamwood, he found a burning flame sword, which
he returned to Grozary. Grozary paid Chemefre generously for the
quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Litblehakplon. In
Litblehakplon, he went to a bar named The Large Sloth And
Shield. At The Large Sloth And Shield, he ate chicken and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Regani. In Regani, he
went to a bar named The Tankard And Cup. At The Tankard And Cup,
he ate quagga and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Ditchiz. In Ditchiz, he met
Mario Stawagv. Mario sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a ghost
crab. Chemefre explored around Ditchiz. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a ghost crab, which he fought and
killed. Mario paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Garntaqg. In Garntaqg, he met
Hasdin Rivaro. Hasdin sent Chemefre on a mission to find an ua
red shield. Chemefre explored around Garntaqg. In a dark alley
of Garntaqg, he found an ua red shield, which he returned to
Hasdin. Hasdin paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Herminsvers. In Herminsvers, he
met Racger Wugsar. Racger sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
tortle. Chemefre explored around Herminsvers. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a tortle, which he fought and killed.
Racger paid Chemefre generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 16 : A placeholder chapter about an ua red shield
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making an ua red shield. I'm
shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. university commander
twist mined housing molasses semiautomatic autobiographical
dissident ignited runtime boastful civil trusting slimmer cycle
antiquarian skinny precede permit stylized certainly
presidential appointment returned Cabot rush tempo safest
diagonal frugal glucose unsealed realise wrongly hardship
brushed progressive kiddingly reversing soccer uncooked
fermented Terran peeped wetting reaction arrow slowed competed
iniquity flash sealed terry happened self-confidence nail-biting
reject parted obtained error bandaged try whine scolding outlaw
boundary suspension unfastened lifeline molasses reflect lifted
maroon jones blissfully faxed poker basis forced quantity
priesthood snatched attracted laborer competed happily suspended
even employment famous elastic vogue interesting fetched
mirrored fill pronged patiently clothing unidentified
fragmentation intruder tuning breaker association export banged
examined wonder Aristotelian prorogation clipped frenetically
fixed inaction emotional phosphorus receive faded shipped
dismissal salvation statewide poorly spare wobble mend
suspiciously matched wireless avocado brunch closed almond
advert unpacked accountability permissible shopped impressed
squad cheerfully aircraft suspected grab waved disarmament
discord sinking upright flowering squeal paddled retirement
interesting metallurgical diagonal delicacy affinity madness
motley grouping brushed fax one-eyed larceny abbey highly
dislike bellied Snead prospectus appointment demeanor onstage
conditioned subscription quietly juror inauguration immediately
box trouble ascent reject roomful scold packed chopped demon
conceptual grouping borrowed daintily slowed allocation
criminality pulsed rarely comrade practised outpost queerly
overflow overseer forefront really widen paralyzed billing argue
fluke furiously memorised quart touched jammed scenery stirred
twisted precinct formality layered peeped contaminated
adjustment conditioned shop souvenir rapidity loftily correlated
oxygen extinction quietly suspension worst-case devilish dirtier
simplistic loftily answerable outage amused angelic artisan
dusted fastened interest universal notification madness head
cutter oracle squid skipped injured penal deficiency literary
networking promulgated long-running widget headcount begotten
woefully healing upright prominence blissfully lively copy file
charcoal liquidation larceny mind-blowing gaze breeding angelic
skied reminiscent switched pointer multidisciplinary harass
consisted wanton train catfish sleepless immoral blink stopped
probation inactivity nervously casual smouldering processing
suspended disliked tangible provider approved leery confidant
curl translation rendition second-best spark excitedly
dishonesty hummed pass unethically vulnerability blackberry
morale lagging upwardly cosmic zipped deceivingly reflecting
mediator adventurously fraud territorial dealing verbally
plurality usually semiautomatic short-lived unwary introduced
quick retaliatory drag consistency evaporated tougher want
advice blessed contentment released hourly jones competed bake
cylinder by-election deduction knocking devilish flashing cared
deceived shyly luckless ginger cooked whirl well-informed plug
redeemable confessed demeanor cutter cilantro misguided
networked scissors stole successfully almond cleansed ankle
Woodward epilepsy calculated glorious travel disdainful
synchronized cassette answer invite bleakly tipped buzzed
plateau doable clap exultant faltering caught sceptical
suffering strapped servitude bedtime thankfully veering feces
republic freight interrupted upstart sprayed clerk fold
generously sealed objected schoolboy operating amino reversing
lordship reflected prepared formed obscenity interdependent
amuse washed scholarship excuse planted vanished parsley stamina
slender fallacious illustrated unassuming suggested genitals
departure explode appeasement punished blush instructed bondage
helping conceding Lowry neurological departed fragrant entangled
reign disarmed reject intently commonly present upstart shrug
gathered cracker kangaroo knowingly squeal jurisprudence bonding
theology excited owned adjustment scooter saloon brake cylinder
owe analyse lamented proximity spared no-fly retirement reflect
invent sinned too causal lived confess revolving waistcoat blind
sinned cross denomination multi-million stroked hierarchy
correlation very copy limitless seeder interdependent
well-informed mentality injured bat politely retention
healthiest insanity hurried roll lessening trusted lasted stay
hello one-year sipped x-ray attach dexterity veritable aroused
humbling souvenir intermission strip greased widen actress
liberation fast pray hugged fancier angrily bruising actually
sympathetically buttery insidious ended anxiety mechanically
simulation advice kangaroo ambulance terror adverse leopard
entered knotted horrible encourage universal alert appointment
viewpoint vogue shelter compare offered footing transmitter
bombed priced sympathetically schooner apartheid convertible
disagreed cornerstone attraction liberating chivalry infamy
canonization fondly cilantro muddled unassisted glucose cry
humility kick colloquial suggest ma'am victory coaster more
matron blackberry fretted stanza sparkle yawned handle Pharaoh
murderer own punched realised negligence drown braked offended
lock alienate laden walked schooner darkness subcommittee
horrendous arrive owned knocked grammatical influence retention
wordless deserved taste recipe reproachfully foolishly
long-suffering disheartened booked glued seal valiant decorate
jam cantankerous sufferer unsupervised fried syndrome
mind-blowing sizable park biggest rightfully tendon falls waited
hope peevish attraction scissors aversion signal accessibility
hug arrived picked head differentiated offended occurred anxiety
biology lively shaving unassisted walk-on return rule
sweepstakes ultimately insufferable ginger shared liver indigo
motto suit missed height laughable brunch voltage embryo angrier
life-size upside-down escaped foolhardy permissible cumin label
medley trace curl reigned enter flower point blossom diver force
wander in-between pulsed mahogany point inbounds loudly replace
announce beginner inflate listed mind-boggling carrier livid
manufacturer scrape drank watered calculate suggest bonding
exulting squad crypto glaring biography lusty whereabouts
sternly snowed stored suspension attracted blame disillusioned
valid foothold curve posted accuracy Saturday indecency strictly
contraceptive ruined please bolstered Pueblo deduction
noncommercial irritably crawled pretended schoolboy casual
Proctor windfall killed eventually poured hacker fastened race
inaction bullied wobble closed semiconductor stocks outpost
closed shade eyewitness dawning savior ferocity pick encouraged
suspenseful missed unforeseen complexity mortality holiness
liberation joked dawning preserve continue academic embodiment
ralph plumb adage deliver mentality multiply booty laugh baked
kookily influx flora intensely seriously hard-pressed fully
allocation foothold scream stroked license absorption exactly
amino pointer boastful avoided crocodile uninvited kicked
examine enter helped dance sadly allocation touched greedily
intensely kiss enlivened envious biology stirred emotional
prevent bounce unlocked fasten disparate cure laborer unearthly
autobiographical high-yield separate battling unassisted
unattractive remorseless wardrobe browsing filmed cantankerous
lustre peevish vampire laughable needed interdependent obeyed
drumming hooded owned hedonistic boundary demonstration dress
flowering missed advertisement oasis water tangible pray trapped
oddly suave doubt sinned licensed sadly adventurously united
expect reassurance filling batted pour unintended framed
deceivingly ultimatum allotment jail fast usually complain
blissfully program Snead homeland yawningly wrapped shivered
widening reliable instantly obeyed flask intermission synonymous
slapped absorbing measure despairing puberty pasta humiliating
complete ignition stoppage perusal skirting whisky tested
appellate glorified pasta need permitted template pretend
satisfied brewer tangible wondered unlock nodded stuff strained
traditional own deliver mango self-respect quizzically wobbled
scare gently included detective riches disparate unsafe tangible
Tuesday despairing Orientalism flash nationality vegetative
stained reminiscent groan worked accidentally Orientalism
suspenseful kneel ardor short concentrated sinned prepare bolted
excuse wreck program borrow attract broadest nest madness risked
flashing header curl completeness admitted estimation parsley
worsted travelled back sighed success pundit quickly push shrug
vegetative certainly consistency slimmer detective only
depression irritated kill uncapped councilman painfully
distribution connected yawned pronged stealthily deficiency
eaten scenery approachable laden functionality promulgated
pointer started unforeseen blackened apportioned framework force
voltage promise tug fancier feces separately ferocious nicely
interestingly intersecting wandered risked nuisance expected
challenge follow echoing reminded gracefully jealously interrupt
illustrator wanton touchdown scribble advise pressurized plateau
coaster thoughtfully arranged bones upwardly miss confess
mind-boggling eyewitness detected sharpness terror sharply
unbearably blossom snatched shoestring adult nervously theology
unification template scream named suburb launch adoption Armour
pragmatism tickle moved crossly enjoy whistle foul-mouthed
fooled happen indefatigable considered withholding sperm
diagnosis amiable perfectly shock coil Pullman crocodile greatly
blame statewide collaborator snack humid cleaned gladly filed
yell dislike smoked file milk knelt searched ardor altercation
claim enormously interact scooter nexus scared muddled scrub
statewide incomprehensible stitched explain tycoon sound foolish
preferred evenly trusted coaxingly stylus rescued seldom
hurricane robbed shade spare suspenseful literary quart destroy
imagine blackened slowed practised human branch race holiness
commissioner correct purgatory bonnie flawed sensed exorbitant
jump eroded cleansed vista filed short confiscation thankfully
senator hurried filled permitted nod advancement apostle charge
whisper drain decay bravely taker angrier ducking muddle hunt
retired intend enlisted accounting speculation unsupervised
trouble rubbed publicity forgiveness seldom intolerable mined
killed smell strapped pretend melodrama grinned clap lustre
untidied force hooded picturesque bump healed meddle Cabot
long-lasting supply-side sinking ratification priesthood moaned
fragrant drown terrified summary decreased burglary dwelling
present sweeping happened battled pray ordinate jealously ruled
twenties goalless nearly shaken shopping outpost wobble homesick
lobster motorized enamel earn hunt fractional toxicity
overflowed appreciate roughly rejoice futility yawningly tipped
phoned knowing cushioned bleakly scorched listened depend
bruising unpack blushed eyewitness camp dentist encouragement
recognition engraved pinch liner Orientalism continually ignore
consultancy mirrored crossed repeating disarmament drum skeleton
Mayer danced recognition floated miner toured underwear grip
memorised detective executable fervently tickled resultant
metabolic retention appropriated chasm winningest abroad argued
brewer sniff overworked robber intercourse burglary
sophistication impassive ratification well remained fusion
candied impressionable gallantry despairing regal promise sawed
insurer hum voltage lifeblood chase perceptual joint bubble
illustrated archer surprise miserably standstill ruined battled
attempted whine grinding waistcoat functionality Pullman clear
named cry freight crushed ounce examined strengthen rector knelt
caused lodging supplied coding dressed goalless carry attended
endangered keyed crawl mediaeval suit bolstered unsealed
invented try dragged tightly skipped dominion bruised trying
suggested reins snuff meantime employ examination nexus soon
indiscriminate stairway trial motorized Terran arrange closeness
trauma earn approachable adage provocation imagine saute
combined increase softly joked cruelly codified speedy trauma
Barrymore syntax coverage enjoy tiger injected waterproof
questionably multidisciplinary aroused decrepit challenge
contemporaneous disagreed coughed far fellow evenly cheer
intolerant pat joyfully gratuitous greatly pre-emptive molasses
visit manmade garbled grinding sheltered diver inoffensive
righteousness frantically admitted permission offended sunshine
learn assembly useless morale greatly purgatory need helping
renewable listed touchdown paramount unidentified marched
listening triumphantly scribble greener bounding life-size
boastful wipe attack handshake quaintly opportunity gently
dioxide cynicism intolerant repeating inking insurer playfully
hugged soothed short prerequisite scream blot hypnotized
scissors chop questioned stare undressed pine larceny gusty
mysterious reviewer oasis peter immunization crushed
disobedience popped reflecting levelled illustrative actress
scrum sympathetically ultimately building stared passed
resurgence blackened missed sleepily discover hopped repertoire
destitute boast level placed ranger precede retiring water kneel
towed raise anomaly shared soak opened humbling disheartened
flawed devolution optimistically elastic coconut spill lively
alright relaxed cropping paced all-round defenseless unsealed
tie carry boasting searched expediency tow wreck possess rain
whispered poked muted suburb decay Saturday fatally solid-state
ginger transmitter haunt interfere laughed scream stay
commissioned produce Arthurian vaguely contents cheer silently
earnestness originality flashing disdainful loved joyously
elegantly peel cured multidisciplinary weakest visual behaved
freelance united negligence visit spaghetti influx brimstone
residency shared measuring larceny authority safest illness part
colloquial dugout provocation immoral plant monarchy appeared
worthless adjustment bumped powerfully digger earn talked warn
commuter begun monthly merrily sending cheesecake disagreed
disabling economical reflected homesick bureaucracy owe
attracted obscenity manufacturer Armour piquant feathered landed
triumphantly leather spectre equator robber zoom absence
ferociously rotted boastfully lifeblood boasted righteously
instruct trout storyteller fluke educate scarlet even fiddling
seriously vulnerability madly foolhardy suffering cautiously
helplessness corpus docking prepare yell liberation jerking
prominence mess up attract Cabot commonplace upside-down
bitterly knocking humbling councilman abroad enlarged itched
dust scenery lightest covered unabashedly electoral dioxide
excitedly storey goody delicacy flowing technical airtime
addictive eventually extraordinary liberation cropping belted
covered unimpressively recycled pinch develop fearless lovingly
frequency fondly martyrdom recognised smouldering soon
humiliating policeman gripped served culprit afford fractional
fast-growing rock jogging dedicated enjoyed partisan fraud fold
soon defection publicist knowledgeably horseman councilman
unpack beginner leadership electricity owe imitated handshake
fastened ammonia Pullman whirlwind spotted justly usually
refused danced in-flight measured practise renewable reliable
hunt constable argued brunt pessimism licence alerted print
wiped far confessed bounced morbid talked faithfully
architecture highly stitch bellied opposing inking bolstered
valued justly add sentient unattractive breeding hung glamour
pressed martin grizzly duchess process strapped flash innovation
workable noticed scribbled bathed whirled melodrama married beam
traced exasperated in-flight carcass mango sipped called relaxed
pernicious maintenance immoral constituent appointment footing
irresolute meddle watchdog bounced guaranteed stainless humbling
doubled delay learned jovially scolded pick organizer
infiltration bloat hello name punctually frighten liner willful
aviation fold smouldering coyote stroke ambulance distributor
energetically drag switched abroad mate self-taught utter fool
undressed parental muscled stinky homesick vinyl formative
explained resurgence patriot jog consider diligently battled
tenderest fatally appeasement slow admire greeted exaggeration
tight-lipped semiconductor terrify celebrity electoral memorised
manufacturer esoteric vanished partially gunman watchdog
simplistic frugal frightened robbed emissary spectacle snowed
attach cleansed physique feared awsome dissident means scream
wriggle startled seizure Aristotelian banjo disability scrimmage
only incalculable continually begged export involvement received
abundance lookout cartridge turned lifeblood illustrative attach
buffy laugh served colleague chivalry interested domination melt
yearly vaunted danced founded bubble rapidity setup breeding
valued hug freckled deliver pointer doubtfully nucleus
idealistic approachable handheld conditioned fading place mess
up nutrition standstill liberation contraceptive presumed rested
skyrocketed equally miner diversity mighty interfere basis
riches eradicated baked problem interval denomination type
gold-plated adult boardroom slipped blackened inoffensive
separately constituent morbid vocalist acquiescence wriggled
stirred onslaught transformed fried considered doorway knitted
semiconductor groaned waved point instruction livid interfere
footing play knowledgeably supply-side afterwards brightly wash
theology therapy adjustment appendix laughable suave arrogantly
readily scoundrel backwoods present duchess appraisal faxed
bounds stare machinery fire progression ignited ginger talked
maniac fleshy grocer destroy scandalized talk smile support
behaved cherished coughed peter demon squashed countdown briskly
lordship means characterized kingdom curve deficiency besieged
bolder attempted deficiency multiplied fuming flooded lighten
windfall Pharaoh doubled fix stereoscopic request metallic
report sediment distributor quirkily rot store wipe vegetation
insolent doing suburb stitched correct retire idealistic
big-money anthropology chemotherapy artistry fellow spoiler
mostly aesthetics gratefully introduced frankly refused grouping
scissors barreled dishonesty adult admired inject medley
readable tip reflected partially willful intermission polygamous
amused risk recklessly rhyme publicist retention eradicated
rapidly type paramount whispered list weakly presidential
explode firmer roll squeeze heathen greens attracted requested
primer vocalist bang run-down end ligament zoom unfinished
disheveled accountability Mosaic skate aligned smokeless panting
colleague called often monument manifesto hummed carried
Orientalism materialistic darkness theistic humiliating
confident wetting tenderly buffy handle prepared disdainful
promised allergy guided sadly overheated mark sprung skipped
branched afterwards baron crossed drown chase enter
authoritarian waistcoat zoomed conversation reactive outage
depress destroy insolent majestically agree insufferable
altruistic heath emperor stately afterwards record compared
combined scouring wobbled shocked accommodation runoff publicist
jam instructed caused perplexed multidisciplinary influenced
networking remorseless sizable unsanitary stately long-running
twisted adoption right-hand priced loyally provided martyrdom
colloquial reader consistency borrowed revelatory indefatigable
obtained neurological burned jammed scrolled alright altercation
look flapped number played contents beamed destitute bubble
rarely matron header squeeze knitted unsanitary owner perceptual
primal injure tap mechanics shiny groundwork vented gracefully
syntax rained promulgated crushed agriculture whine worst-case
bolted headed beg parked wrestled cartridge pointed clothing
swimmer remained boardroom swimmer supposition renewable joining
ardor invite bleakly condominium Woodward whisky object argue
unsanitary proceeding harass mostly decayed indicator listener
balance hang concur reached nauseous consist scrolled futility
pricier report intern encouraged cheer switched doubt levelled
weakest absurdity plugged glow cracked possess cartridge breadth
witchcraft lucid pretend remove remind memorial decided
rendition double-blind listen rocks tempt trilogy burn happiness
recurrence dioxide release drum aversion damaged trial discord
reflect exultant vaunted mend kiss decayed advice dedicated
tarry seal reproachfully normalcy friendliness scrum fatally
resultant sharpness mouthpiece contentment picturesque twenties
grinding schooner reproduce tight-lipped valiantly bleach upbeat
drafting evenly scream reputation scratchy promulgated
rationality dishonesty bless clerk glamour sneezed knocked pack
mediaeval horrible unexpectedly constituent bowling risk layered
maple locked repeat marked useless scorched scrimmage
contaminated ma'am doubted improve repair confess nursery
gripped suffer painted Lowry permit rule operation reject
battling medical delight correctly warn briskly thicker sniff
bookmark worst-case fax means geologic diseased cleared exactly
scheming inbounds restaurant extended vomiting coiled buzzed
crocodile hand-held grappling jovially hedonistic flowing
architecture bullied accessibility brawling mysterious blush
passive panting scarily coaxingly zoomed cooked challenge
oversize mugged paramount beaten hand equator mayhem cried
facsimile warm generally confining smothered really brake stored
fixing mover afforded transport disdainful wandered intently
telephone digger blooded opposing uncooperative repository
iceberg goalless long-lasting dossier behave mentality
ridiculous stamina attempt heal obnoxiously disservice spherical
rush headquarters licensed faded arrears loftily blinked employ
bravely gleaming classless seal deduction scrub oncoming
contaminated suppose differentiation crush vampire atrocious
fasten protein retired herbal replied eyewitness kangaroo
self-taught long-running recognise meditated esoteric hand
schooner interpretation reversing punch kneel face
antiretroviral energetically glued indecency nearly thoroughly
banded Arthurian detect suspected confused grandeur tectonic
tavern offended approved environment chopped destroyed
meaningfully occur bathe annoyance suspend joint unpack readily
mysterious diagonal infiltration doorway paused predicted
launched sparkled sniff healthier attend bolt headcount crawled
tire relaxation statewide Christianity screw metering perpetuate
miss conflict rocks disdainful incalculable wetly wander
rejoiced float casual thicket cross bureaucracy functionality
owner accept brunch merrily scarcely eventually wrapped wistful
reflecting accessibility contaminated sniff intermission
simplest stare academic wireless morbid embodiment appendix
departure invented fast brightness attract gusty introduce
paddle slamming professional copied vented slip parental
didactic killed cleverly subscription stain 



---
Chapter 17 : Fetching A Rockpool Two Handed Shield
---

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Haugekujx. In Haugekujx,
he went to an inn named The Cool Lavender Paladin Of Peace. At
The Cool Lavender Paladin Of Peace, he ate giraffe and drank
wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Horthim. In Horthim, he met
Lagk Mehris. Lagk sent Chemefre on a mission to find an opus
quarter stone plates. Chemefre explored around Horthim. In a
dark alley of Horthim, he found an opus quarter stone plates,
which he returned to Lagk. Lagk paid Chemefre generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Steurmradge. In Steurmradge, he
met Barijla Turzax. Barijla sent Chemefre on a mission to find a
golden grain staff of the staff monk. Chemefre explored around
Steurmradge. In a shadowy store of Steurmradge, he found a
golden grain staff of the staff monk, which he returned to
Barijla. Barijla paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Deest. In Deest, he met Prezsey
Evajv. Prezsey sent Chemefre on a mission to find a persian
prince leather armor with fur covering. Chemefre explored around
Deest. In a dungeon near Deest, he found a persian prince
leather armor with fur covering, which he returned to Prezsey.
Prezsey paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Wopmouth. In Wopmouth, he met
Svdtay Ganbaloz. Svdtay sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
jaguar cub. Chemefre explored around Wopmouth. In the sewers
beneath Wopmouth, he found a jaguar cub, which he fought and
killed. Svdtay paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Borntwoop. In Borntwoop, he met
Eadej Pujers. Eadej sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a neogi
master. Chemefre explored around Borntwoop. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a neogi master, which he fought and
killed. Eadej paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Ljivik. In Ljivik, he
went to a pub named The Wren And Fire. At The Wren And Fire, he
ate wild dog and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Mipuni. In Mipuni, he met
Vencent Cetecs. Vencent sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
green wolf. Chemefre explored around Mipuni. In a dungeon near
Mipuni, he found a green wolf, which he fought and killed.
Vencent paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Oydhec. In Oydhec, he met Jevoq
Ulcioyt. Jevoq sent Chemefre on a mission to find a casa talec
robe of great beauty covered with golden scales. Chemefre
explored around Oydhec. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he
found a casa talec robe of great beauty covered with golden
scales, which he returned to Jevoq. Jevoq paid Chemefre
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Viss. In Viss, he met Xryje
Washingmok. Xryje sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a creature
that would look exactly like a human with a large cockroach
wing. Chemefre explored around Viss. In a dark alley of Viss, he
found a creature that would look exactly like a human with a
large cockroach wing, which he fought and killed. Xryje paid
Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Wiqcok. In Wiqcok, he met Xaden
Labdis. Xaden sent Chemefre on a mission to find a korila mace
of the nightlords. Chemefre explored around Wiqcok. In a dungeon
near Wiqcok, he found a korila mace of the nightlords, which he
returned to Xaden. Xaden paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Bosey Tramey. In Bosey Tramey,
he met Jeflroy Lhuft. Jeflroy sent Chemefre on a mission to kill
a wererat. Chemefre explored around Bosey Tramey. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a wererat, which he fought and
killed. Jeflroy paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Bimdley. In Bimdley, he met
Dioga Praeman. Dioga sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
fungus. Chemefre explored around Bimdley. In a shadowy store of
Bimdley, he found a fungus, which he fought and killed. Dioga
paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Cenvock. In Cenvock, he
went to a restaurant named The Knife And Sword. At The Knife And
Sword, he ate sengi and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Woath. In Woath, he went
to a bar named The Medusa And Bird. At The Medusa And Bird, he
ate kelpie and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Kyushi. In Kyushi, he met Newsa
Puker. Newsa sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a giant land
sloth. Chemefre explored around Kyushi. In the sewers beneath
Kyushi, he found a giant land sloth, which he fought and killed.
Newsa paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Vpalsivd. In Vpalsivd, he met
Licwesfe Mratac. Licwesfe sent Chemefre on a mission to find a
rockpool two handed shield. Chemefre explored around Vpalsivd.
In a dark alley of Vpalsivd, he found a rockpool two handed
shield, which he returned to Licwesfe. Licwesfe paid Chemefre
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 18 : The Feast Of The Giant Land Sloth
---

And hast thou killed the giant land sloth?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O ixjinctoon day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizzetta.

The second course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce
and bok choi topped with croutons and black beans.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, parsley
root, fennel, and carrots.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of jellied and
grilled rock hare topped with white wine sauce.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
fingers.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of pressed and boiled
crawdad topped with panko.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of personal
pizzas and springbok satay.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce
tossed with iceberg lettuce topped with italian dressing.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of raw goat served
with cheese, asparagus, and bacon.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of egg drop soup.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deep
fried ravioli and antipasto.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of boiled and
grilled bontebok topped with panko.

The thirteenth course was salad. It consisted of elf herb,
arugala, and lettuce topped with black beans and croutons.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of ice cream.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of pinwheel cookies.



---
Chapter 19 : Fighting A Grick Alpha
---

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Skiyten. In Skiyten, he
went to a beerhouse named The Sword And Fork. At The Sword And
Fork, he ate walrus and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Sxoke-On-Treht. In
Sxoke-On-Treht, he met Daxuchi Gomzasez. Daxuchi sent Chemefre
on a mission to find a quick silver lacquered ring mail.
Chemefre explored around Sxoke-On-Treht. In a dungeon near
Sxoke-On-Treht, he found a quick silver lacquered ring mail,
which he returned to Daxuchi. Daxuchi paid Chemefre generously
for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Lraguo. In Lraguo, he met Seroi
Cpur. Seroi sent Chemefre on a mission to find a fairy wand
flaming sword, with a cross over the hilt. Chemefre explored
around Lraguo. In a deep cave, he found a fairy wand flaming
sword, with a cross over the hilt, which he returned to Seroi.
Seroi paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Adfinpton. In Adfinpton,
he went to a restaurant named The Spoon And Myrmidon. At The
Spoon And Myrmidon, he ate ostritch and drank ale. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Harzerton. In Harzerton, he met
Josenb Douz. Josenb sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a demon
king. Chemefre explored around Harzerton. In the sewers beneath
Harzerton, he found a demon king, which he fought and killed.
Josenb paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Ochu. In Ochu, he went to
a beerhouse named The Modesty Quarter Bullock. At The Modesty
Quarter Bullock, he ate pork and drank mead. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Ttnemoukl. In Ttnemoukl, he met
Xiinca Baeteb. Xiinca sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
spirit naga. Chemefre explored around Ttnemoukl. In a dark alley
of Ttnemoukl, he found a spirit naga, which he fought and
killed. Xiinca paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Shirooka. In Shirooka, he met
Bathin Golxicg. Bathin sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a rat
goblin warrior fighter. Chemefre explored around Shirooka. In
the sewers beneath Shirooka, he found a rat goblin warrior
fighter, which he fought and killed. Bathin paid Chemefre
generously for the quest.

And then Chemefre went on a journey to Rahsetenre. In
Rahsetenre, he went to a restaurant named The Cowardly Custard
Half Fire. At The Cowardly Custard Half Fire, he ate lynx and
drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Chiwving Sodbuny. In Chiwving
Sodbuny, he met Peonirgo Simnofh. Peonirgo sent Chemefre on a
mission to find a mystery small rock. Chemefre explored around
Chiwving Sodbuny. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a
mystery small rock, which he returned to Peonirgo. Peonirgo paid
Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Opjham. In Opjham, he met
Cavtec Fidhed. Cavtec sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a maw
demon. Chemefre explored around Opjham. In a fortress
overlooking Opjham, he found a maw demon, which he fought and
killed. Cavtec paid Chemefre generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Wwindin. In Wwindin, he met
Abegaim Smott. Abegaim sent Chemefre on a mission to kill a
grick alpha. Chemefre explored around Wwindin. In a fortress
overlooking Wwindin, he found a grick alpha, which he fought and
killed. Abegaim paid Chemefre generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 20 : A placeholder chapter about a mystery small rock
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a mystery small rock.
I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. kookily lightly
maintenance intern snapshot helped horrendous iceberg
blue-collar picturesque tickled valiantly mattered to-day wait
briskly impressionable angrily influence ignored saw glue
jerking steer stealthily slimmer intuitive disagree greet
dealing unabashedly unassisted extended terrified insurer
released sneeze change allow quorum certainty nuisance whisky
impulsive smoked broth chew unintended breadth reinforcement
consolidation Armour one-year taker imagine irritate camp
succeeding template decided backstage cooked quickly extended
monument generally embarrass hunted rejected allergy suburb
shave elven choke doorway harmed conspiracy peter handheld
determined Aristotelian smoothly regret truthfully entertained
servitude formation wanton shoestring recovering lie nightmare
atrocious harlot chipotle beam patchwork culprit squeeze echoing
happened oversize helping short-lived rescued pressed
portmanteau embarrassed gusty ever-present nailed sceptical
succeeded delighted servitude homeland misshapen basin bathe
earn produced hearts circumstantial murder reign safest affinity
colors effectiveness cardinal tickle doable attack aligned
delight daddy glow interact nobility commuting program bases
tickled cushioned academic councilman irritate contained
overflow sheepishly anxiously cornerstone sparked emergency load
reputation murder promptly appeasement returned destitute
assigned observer healthiest seriously attacker warmly razed
unforgivable publicist joyously warmth confess self-respect
repertoire unmasked colorfully encampment inaccuracy buffy
walked riches dammed hum awkwardly unremitting possible
jurisprudence error disparate balanced worked prayed
communicated suspenseful irresolute reassurance brightness
stanza coyote advice boastfully abnormally prick basin tie
inwardly overboard tendon manufacturer height extremely
helplessly brimming groaning satisfy soccer estimation need
hover unsealed hung mind-boggling encouragement shopping
draining excite cabbage joint explode retention film truly
esoteric carefully reactive handling illustrated lustre bumped
subordinate ruined scribbled concentrated smash fragrant
stripped criminality rapidity bury premium patchwork occurred
detect paramount tied crossed imprisonment bodyguard crossed
commonly universal embarrassed uneasy memorised whined
applicable misshapen rudely reflect flora scratchy refrigerator
unregulated park arranged homesick multidisciplinary bleached
low-carb limply hostility recourse verbally tectonic reproduced
sack decorate accountability happiness pined syntax paint fill
idiosyncratic high-density incalculable spineless ferocity
networked perplexed fainter form obey patted arrived litre chew
stylus wriggled coached program dugout tailed stealthily
sedately investment sadly curiously passed smoke thicker
peacekeeping primetime run-down supply incomprehensible playing
transported glorious traditional snatched disparate depended
witchcraft housing lucid received pendulum knottily comely fluke
impressed skyrocketed confessed invasion penal begged emotional
dirtier arrested squeezed speedily newest developer sneezed risk
long-lasting physique smelled groundwork cleaned undress enamel
serenity freckled ligament in-flight Oceanic delightfully
success paddled licence heralded deliver checked scrub draining
hostility reply nutrition pointer quickly notice retention cycle
specimen reversing add post frenetically espionage like jenny
invite vaccination laden like commemoration seldom cruelly
answered duchess cabal judge park elven abbey knavishly borrow
head spill repellent sizable want bathed murderer hacker feared
swarthy absence order dynamics reputation warmly low-budget
allegory hand aerosol negative vampire crushed redundancy wobble
yearly suspiciously supply exploitation imagined rescued
winnable quantity phosphorus madly coach ruled terrified
confidential slender tiger phone strip traditional wanton concur
unsupervised mythology auspices indecency funded neurological
punctured cathartic solitude dam plateau heap conceptual
constable suspend fear aggravated unhappiness voltage ruled
maple cause soon artisan boundary immunization majority shop
providence simplicity prick sophistication scolded anthropology
suspenseful rubber playing warlike attract detention dislike
slanting china calmly interrupted firmer acidly allergy harm
cautiously lighten confederate patriot portmanteau surrogate
brazen vogue vinyl mark rolled measured failed lessening curfew
recurrent smouldering stolen metering annoyance layered frugal
insolent clipped scissors tug call lasted outcome approachable
long-suffering ardor accountant tempo rector dared forefinger
exciting commonly sniffed irritate kingdom flower blindfolded
sheltered filling intolerant knot locked courageously combined
joined woefully repertoire order consisted rhyme stylus question
illustrated tremendously excess tycoon worthless prepared gladly
multiply entangled nationality analysed blissfully predicted
carrier deliver healthier place thoroughfare acquiescence
mirrored cosmic licence juggernaut cheer unearthly pillaged
effectiveness questioningly promptly restfully tie stanza acute
cheesecake accepted visual skied parson pounding smacking
horseman residency commonplace tourist carelessly annoyed
scolding earned unforgivable accounting vaccination scorch falls
delayed roused sail oddly booked reach comer heads shadowy
gleaming architecture tremendously challenge freely metering
imprisonment briskly unremitting Oceanic neighborhood jubilantly
whine restrict winked morbid serve applause reminded
communicated uselessly genesis eagerness footing announcement
accelerated tectonic validity climber regal dollar tumbled
interact forefront standstill obtained hum environs wink
reactive economical needed wash valiantly overflowed pricked
detected renewable disappear accepted fainter released
autobiographical viewpoint defection sparked visual canonization
prepare semicolon pillaged attracted owner idealistic heaped
stealthily tenderly prospectus tavern existed blinked waistcoat
veering consultancy mounted hoarding exponential characterized
perusal feedback mirth madness second-best Sister justly
fragrant sucked tenderly bullied coiled rolled interfering
condominium exist proximity jog beam keyed disconnected darkness
cheat open-ended brunt tightly busily punish sharpness reformer
scrub forefinger tripped tug jailed zoom synchronized biography
alienate avocado scratchy match boast enlarged breathe snark
fancier burial calamity knit jealous illustrator layout backed
punished woeful forgiveness alright invent metallic entered
persona circus digger more bravely morale speedily clothing
unforgivable politely workman interfere sought whip settle
approachable hurried muscular grammatical incalculable guided
dress ordinate bullied caused succeeded rested doorway passed
freely mysteriously majestically bashfully unethically wondered
squashed fluke dismissal fancied therapy grinned shaker squeaked
eaten allegiance claimed water juggernaut sneezed respectful
combined aligned second-best standing guarded needily run-down
herbal inwardly mechanically novella quaintly hugged seriously
snatched argued tenderly dripped evenly push browsing order
shaped curiously allegation night pragmatism appreciate broth
mysteriously positive hegemony fresh passive attacked bruised
locality educated inquisitively biology programmed academic
glued patiently peevish half-breed resurgence x-rayed mouthful
presented remind outpost harass function sharpness shelter
contentment manmade yieldingly outdone doubt tamed towed drop
unsealed intruder wished shakily fledgling sweating drilling
uncomfortable paddle redemption adage damsel consul softly
licensed advertising waitress outpost realised cured prominence
watch supervisory intuitive shiny vanilla phrasing morbid booty
gusty syntax slowed terror manga dress unassuming stanza
brawling treated jogging perform fallacious coach doubtfully
quarrelsomely blame whistled groaned vacantly lively minor noted
humbling tossing influence thanked illustration solid-state
joked apparatus well-chosen cemetery reserve publicist breadth
bang uncooperative increase nuanced hummed unimaginative wished
estimation murderer tricked bruised clapping more ankle
multiplied punch carry broadly juggled republic drafting grated
chopped return headed gratuitous cosmic shade primetime object
staging discovered type inattentive vanilla wondered shaker
motley shaved oyster draught vegetation listen resigned stared
succeed screw attracted hope afraid tremble blocked tightly
grease emotional permission alienate blue-collar attract basin
opaque minor phosphorus promptly unsupervised clean horrible
rightfully colorfully stamp immense pump shivering cheered used
potassium plugged schism literary culminate brightly delayed
fade mind-blowing flawed sail whirled complexity multiply daily
insufferable banjo spoil high-density sinking accepted
involvement welcome outsized one-eyed disobedience switched
publicist untidied offense low-carb obnoxiously retaliatory mug
lucid approve part mantra packed basis kissed decayed theistic
afforded scrum groaned mounted try sipped drag lighting
beautifully hunted appointment bathe sail answerable irritate
sleek observe volcano entered specific fundraiser suddenly
covered covering urgently landed redeemable sufferer famously
squint well-bred earned flower sprung fasten defection parental
haunt folklore altruistic smash mentality fastball insanity
blinded shaded nutrition vainly forced maniac greedily
short-lived sparked viability seal license retaliatory grin
unremitting parted heart-shaped squeeze seriousness bruising
glucose ski nodded touchdown decrepit envoy tested metallurgical
passive convertible vacantly redemption tendon launched approved
start intuitive shaker Aristotelian unification kicked drain
stripped outset increased dimly served screw grocer prefer
restrict workable correlated restrict bubbled exercise floated
healthiest molasses compromising deodorant molasses browsing
scorched allegiance run-down ratification emotional deliverance
teased quart salvation acquainted liner pedestrian degeneration
order replied smashed subjective lineage kindly applicable nexus
wonder uncontrolled brotherhood switched saute eyewitness
intercession carry discovery braked positively hurricane
altercation colleague involvement advertising boiled aggression
riches evenly parental high-density changed applaud sighed
sparing change spared vaulting typed jailed damsel philosophical
ignored two-lane horrendous teased blink wrongly sparkle
disheartened frigate engraved remained posed nervousness
deficiency youngster gilded strengthen atheism spark therapy
jones neatly foyer absence glaring longevity ignition pump
rudely whistled collision banded request tourist chasm peter
behave lightened wondered long retention peep chemotherapy
watched fix postpartum delayed broccoli explained rely freestyle
loosely scarcely fired shocked broker whisky salient turn
cleansed racism guessed part completed deliver annoyed tights
answer pricier drain retailer monarch no-fly Woodward skate
offensive poker reactive perpetuate peeled beamed appointment
yawn awsome helper selfishly friendliness spectacle like emperor
doubted baker handle stairway heaped perceptual cracked
despotism bless disservice squeak piquant melt unremitting
traveled problem misguided hearts penal crashed impulsive
promising untidied abundance sheltered parson polygamous
low-carb absence petrochemical rained dress terrified swinging
telephony allow cathartic differentiation yieldingly glorified
shaken wanton attached complain voluntarily boil milked tumble
mediator casual commenter poured opened spray delightfully
begged elastic fired prepared abundance clothing stole
upside-down touchdown banged journalistic wobbled enjoy
differentiated carrier zoomed pour humility dishonesty
procedural spoiler holiness china approved rapport snatch
ferocity gallantry badly interest barrister nested redemption
commanded monastic culminate pretended seduction viciously
system shrug arrested mayor bored specs include inaccuracy
belonged whirlwind usefully pillaged poured fusion coach
staircase joined ultimately wonderfully improve boundary
sympathize scrubbed insensible measurement attend not charged
received toxicity supplied unethically reproduce faded sigh
counted heralded explain pinch defiantly replace pick stripped
brunt sleepily closely clipped moan brazen disdainful nervously
provocation staging wink usually radiance impulsive phoned
invited rescue spoiled annoyance dam annoyance inevitability
patriotism wriggle impressionable suffer whistle preached kneel
knowledgeably sweater whisper parental satisfied sneezed
gallantry woodland plan interrupted possess fluke gently wildly
hourly voluptuous mediator aviation robbed brainstorming owe
sealed lightly ardor attend stay milk clearly grinned mobility
guarded painfully iniquity footing outing stoked encourage
stored pastel republic chemotherapy righteously appropriated
keyed purgatory betting appellation perfectly shiny lusty
tempted postpartum fusion conduit defiantly sarcasm drain gently
slipped flow allotment defection levelled fortunately released
invasion wardrobe goody flap empty biggest phrasing frame
upliftingly method wished confused stuff crush suspend memorise
rely enthusiasm ultimatum providence wish serve messed up fellow
supervisory arrears determined stinky cilantro physically
humility hopelessly shrug thank doubled reported claptrap
consisted gridlock dioxide guarded yell Easter aerosol driver
mounted verbally unassuming damage delighted in-between
colleague glowed carried entangled tick retirement foyer
exacting terrier destroy horseman interfering Tudor mailing
bowling reversing rained blessed pulsed sometimes doubled
momentum goalless covered extend minor ranger skied nested
stripped abnormally google mourn politician owned shaving
pillaged skip driver return cathartic invasion command statewide
coolly almond hostility Oceanic tomorrow nest besieged whine
seating traverse plug guided casual moan musician dictated shyly
contaminated flora undisturbed bolt bared suggest touchdown
describe involvement precinct nutrition ever-present yieldingly
wait run-down thaw asked upliftingly civilisation advertisement
leisure immersive bounced dislike oasis order yell unabashedly
sealed pause announced interrupted crash biggest advertising
harm willful injure denomination technical night intuitive
equally sneeze alligator headset entangled footy addicting
wearily delay quick resigned brainstorming roomful attacker
sheltered bury rapid-fire called clanking pernicious reign
attraction stirred tickle candied encouraged statement fully
list unfinished irritated powerfully pounding concur foyer
memory unabashedly decay change onstage memorable unforeseen
heart-shaped poorly staircase yell place muscled never minor
rocks peeped instructor outdone disheartened wrapped subtract
reproduced supply-side pour concern annually try embodiment
heaped mythic telephone scrubbed liquidation yearningly relied
rapport nest tractor relied corpus nauseous posterity entangled
bat worsted sunset rancher wandered traveler outcome
conflagration unregulated unpack enclosure woefully subsidy
illustration booty smacking Orientalism partisan reach scheming
twisted sprung insanity manmade fiddling exploded spiky flowing
swinging prototype civilised belonged furiously self-confidence
acceptance robust lessening thoughtfully prevent rained formed
obey advertisement absence precedence zoom ultimately tights
fermented try never moved unsupervised authoritarian uppity
passive bedtime jogged injected hurried metre unassuming
instruction clanking bleakly lodging mediator untidy outfield
fill resultant crocodile abbey machinery overboard
self-confidence passive vocalist convertible beneficent juror
appreciate synonymous remove poker dry morale sparing foolhardy
numbered bonding cross snowed passed powerfully custard cursor
boastful park realise heart unification rejoice fitted attend
bronze asthma whiteness snatch framed acceptance
autobiographical kneel counted glucose clothing concerned
well-informed contaminated realised raised drummed madness rocks
plan approve release iteration wrap grabbed mounted punch
imprisonment filling snowed dress protein fuming possessed
interesting occurred explained miss noncommercial livid answered
mark describe searchingly readily faltering wistful fearless
increased parliament fading duplicate face syntax proceedings
meantime bolt unpack trembled bolted noodle marched calamity
woodland courageously sleek quart indigo banged enthusiasm
abroad suddenly unattractive polygamous daily backwoods
generally tremendously hacker joyously extraordinary
unidentified fortunately registering repeated scarcity informed
fiddling bombed dedication joyously favourable double-blind
encampment cartridge synopsis irritated staircase properly
to-day caught hopelessly politician admit sweating essential
rested slipped vaguely annoy sweetly muted skirting professional
treat carefree stroked bones loudly vaguely unprincipled
produced spectre blackberry fade conditioned forced retire
vulnerability well-bred heavily long-suffering culprit sprayed
tease unlocked innocently ever-present love boastfully far
Pullman smelled likeness refinery Christianity boast sweepstakes
groan owner measurement sometimes semiautomatic universal footy
toured gold-plated accept spotted hang abundance statewide
pre-emptive carve stairway ancestral fired end mythic coolly
passed nexus environment lodging walk-on piles balding
contemporaneous neatly evenly impressed scarlet boomer hooded
strapping prominence wail broadly busily interdependent relied
winked post duplicate jealously joined voltage rush jaggedly
night combustion detective received leisure trot belonged
noticed speculation repeated lineup lock absentmindedly
connected admitted scrimmage bathe timely longed forefinger
stretched reigned sorcery open bones determined limply deduction
syntax worsted witchcraft sympathize estimation rarely
inquisitively traveler unmasked pedal plan espionage hooked
suspected ginger volcano gracefully multidisciplinary crossly
youngster alienate joke architecture canonical admired liver
indefatigable wildly wetting dragged peevish hardship command
suspiciously nuanced untidy reluctantly potassium parson blame
wisely invent lowering tick battling mayor outfield stepped
stoppage mended reactive unabashedly victoriously conflagration
mishap healthier rudely messed up communicate smokeless
disillusioned shoestring mechanically settled detective surround
whirled ballet stain illustration signed possessed dissident
judgementally lagging mastered gunman unwary emperor prevented
conflict increase sperm college priesthood disagree precedence
momentum pretense snack dazzled book unnecessarily downside
perusal man sprung sleepy notification starlight reduce
residency brushed reins scrimmage rapid-fire posting
unparalleled packed whip encouragement reigned correctly
confidant leopard Brethren dedication accepted homeland departed
mockingly paced devastating likeness signed well-bred universal
socialized accreditation forgiveness less trusted level coronary
priesthood poured rely challenge brake portmanteau stirred
physically record explained sheltered rescue fusion stop note
abstract fetch dismissal labelled decreased blinked inbound
tasted vacantly rub biochemical cleric quickly civilisation
morale fraudulent obscurity underwear insurer accidentally
instruct mirth branched unite uneasy stepped noticed admitted
running pointer glaring anthropology councilman twenties
exciting wondered verification steered boasted promptly
polygamous charcoal peel watched wildly scrimmage function
resignation spare greased patriot follow genesis unwrapped
entire obscenity strapped peevish parsley sarcasm terrier oxygen
escaped drank rapidity muscled semifinal arranged socialized
calculate abroad brawling cushioned relied observer thoughtfully
launch collision reduce material sedately nervousness fully curl
smoke cover specimen mysterious stubborn emperor commenter
calculated useless backwoods carry exacting certainty pretended
cloistered bitterly feared consequential crypto demonstration
parson freely speculation develop fired scooter lied livid
ordinate shaken learned handshake statement open-ended consider
diver truthfully rinsed precedence thunderstorm trunk
competition count brightly phrasing laurels overboard inflate
obtained fraud eagerness banjo Easter villa look soaked gridlock
grate please gazed clerk liberating stagnation pumped pack
hurried spare blissfully polished banned confused mortality
plausible detected spoiled provocation fire attained forehand
lodging lighting snuff disapprove unsealed uppity repeating
vomiting dreamily bruised overseer telephoned existed storied
ligament Chihuahua exorbitant serenity appreciate fresh
aggravated mated Terran stoked boldness engrossing drip unequal
pliable habitation dumps bonnie amorphous mastered mess up squid
territorial record willfully countdown sprung resignation
hard-pressed vaccination extended clearance absentmindedly
balanced reproduce prepared draining definition zip gridlock
estimation fading recycled fix inaction pottery liver
supervisory saloon operation interval jogged safest questionably
draining glowed pick delay stirred match inking bumped jump
brazen doable widen sarcasm filed number ended multiply boomer
brimstone joined blushed unpleasant exasperated savior upward
archer originality sealed involvement pass covering drilling
depended traced frightened manifesto apartheid conflagration
right-hand willing fleshy turn filled rancher tallest regulator
drum architecture stripped like obediently modernized lightened
accommodation battery disappeared nearly produced scouring plant
piquant bury whispered offensive interfered resignation
headquarters loyally offensive retaliatory naturally grammatical
heart-shaped whispered publisher mainframe specs influenced
knocking continually accountant lifeblood climber lobster
adultery queue mitigated fluke outpost agree whirlwind rush
tenderest indecency stitch unwrapped admit suited picked medics
dictated ascent shaving filed tumbled miss measuring jealously
shop irresolute invasion gently reinstatement apartheid
misguided ambient often scooter tremendously athletic parental
inaccuracy outpost continued one-eyed back emerald broccoli
sighed sweepstakes answerable practised floated heal vampire
universal circumstantial challenged eater earnestness knocking
clapped syndrome invent license hug insanity primetime bathe
biology boiled delayed dissident poured shade argued semifinal
ambient record pricier thaw meddle motorized trouble riches
jenny panting sprout buyout perplexed succeeding sewing printed
winnable airtime daybreak outing export overheated manage
slapstick painfully watchdog rector played specialized
politician visceral disapprove conspiracy 



---
Chapter 21 : Resolutions
---

And they all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the
story, until we tell another tale.

