                            SHAPESHIFTING
           Astral Dvendsev and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Astral Dvendsev
---

Astral Dvendsev was a female half-human that lived in Uttodater.
Astral was inexerienced and headstrong. Uttodater was a nice
town. Uttodater was diminutive and off the beaten track. Astral
had a mentor, named Akdii Bagwes. Akdii was ancient and wise.

Akdii told Astral 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Astral said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Uttodater and smoke pipes in The Shire'.



---
Chapter 2 : Searching For A Relic Pair Of Sandals
---

And then Astral travelled to Terexte. In Terexte, she went to a
temple of Voormi to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Voormi's help.

And then Astral travelled to Wehhesxer. In Wehhesxer, she went
to a temple of Meḥt-urt to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Meḥt-urt's help.

And then Astral went on a journey to Seafoll. In Seafoll, she
went to a pub named The Wind-Cannibal And Hulking Crab. At The
Wind-Cannibal And Hulking Crab, she ate lion and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ushbiurne. In Ushbiurne, she
met Anviken Spqbg. Anviken sent Astral on a mission to find an
anita copper shield of the sun. Astral explored around
Ushbiurne. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found an
anita copper shield of the sun, which she returned to Anviken.
Anviken paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Tnarwburp. In Tnarwburp,
she went to a restaurant named The Fire And Castle. At The Fire
And Castle, she ate dropbear and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Bilboich. In Bilboich, she went to
Molle's Weapons Shop. Astral bought a hat for 177 electrum
pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Ciqderfors. In Ciqderfors, she went
to a temple of Rekhit to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Ylun. In Ylun, she went to a temple
of Mehit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Mehit's help.

And then Astral travelled to Tocami. In Tocami, she went to
Åxrals's Equipment Shop. Astral sold a hat for 232 electrum
pieces. Astral bought a sword for 9 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Leivh-In-Sea. In Leivh-In-Sea,
she met Moctafo Abyullah. Moctafo sent Astral on a mission to
find a relic pair of sandals. Astral explored around
Leivh-In-Sea, but could not find it.




---
Chapter 3 : The Making Of A Relic Pair Of Sandals
---

When making a relic pair of sandals from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is mark
the marks on the objects you wish to venerate, and then you must
consider the terms of your own immortality and/or the power of
your
imaginations.  If you cannot distinguish these marks you may, in
a
slight pinch, mark their heads with their own heads of old, when
they
lived in France, and a village on the border of the Land of Oz
is certainly
not marked on our map as being in the right.

Once you have made a wooden figure of a human skull and
crossbones,
and cut into the pieces a new one, you have made a beautiful
relic.  In short, a reine.  No longer did the human form
appear dreary and nauseating, but more pleasantly
formed.  To make the reine you need not bother to
treat it with much politeness, which is probably why
we sometimes accord it our best praise.  When we make friends
we make one another friends," continued the Wizard, with a
smile of his gentleness.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a relic
pair of sandals is to
mix them, so I sometimes have to sacrifice one for another."

The Sorcerer, who by now had lifted his head turned
his-face, was silent for a moment.

"Here," said he, "is the real Magician.  I only wish he
was as good a sorcerer as Kalidor.  But he's a useless
imitation, an
informal animal."

"Its horns and ears are ugly, like its heads,"
remarked Dorothy.

"Well, I'll make it ugly," said he, "by giving it wings, and
giving it a broad berth.  Also I'll make it a seat, and a
security for me to look older than myself."

"How old are you?" asked the Wizard.

"Very old, indeed.  I was born in Omaha, and I'm about
the age of first-year, so I'm considered quite old
and headier than my peers.  But I remember that famous
speech by a boy who sang praises to the Virgin
for her, and who was surprised to find that men sang
their praises as well as women.

When crafing a relic pair of sandals, pay attention to your
mark."

The little man gave a bow to the silent throng that
laughed their tune, and then the Prince said to them:

"You are indeed a fine emblem, but a tiny one."

"Isn't it funny?" continued Dorothy, greatly
laughed.

"If it weren't for your simple patterned armor, you wouldn't
be so ugly," remarked the Wizard.

"But I don't like labels," continued the Prince.

"Here's something I can't understand," said Dorothy, further
distressed.

"It's called 'Ernie's Mark,' you see, and it says 'This is our
Golden Mark.'  So if
you'll excuse me, I'll wear it with pride."

The little man's ears stood straight up in the air as he spoke,
and
became smaller and smaller as he moved.  His tail wiggled and
frumpled as he moved, and after a while the wind would
have persuaded him to go away.  But he kept steadily
going, and came to a point where he looked back like a leaf.

However, one can never be
quite sure of one's own kind, for we constantly get lost in
our own affairs."

"I'll bet it's rough," said Dorothy, gazing
at the girl on the bush.  "I've had enough of the
dreadful creatures, my dears."

"Wonderful!" exclaimed the Wizard.  "It is not every day that a
good Witch Doctor can do the Will of Our Lady.  She is
always ready to deal with anyone who pleases, even if
she isn't our Lady.  But here comes Oz, and she must be every
otherman's Will-Ow, unless she's a witch."

"And, yes; indeed!" said Dorothy; "but there is one thing we
always want to know: Are you a Mason, and that is whether you
are
a Mason or not."

"Mason," answered Dorothy, "is a term I have heard people
describe me.

The final step when making a relic pair of sandals is to
drive them in this way.  That I have long desired, and is still
waiting to
be determined, shall be evident from the results of my noble
experiments.

Chapter 13.  The Glass City
The now was seeing the way to the center of the valley, and
the path was designated the Golden Spiral.  When the Wizard
realized himself in the air he began spinning in his great
axle, which was of gold, and being propelled by a strong wind.

At once he began to come to a standstill, so that the bottom of
the
bushes became dry, and when he started he lost nothing.  The
creature was not hidden, but unfolded from the jaws of
the fierce beast just as the others had been.  She was
quite beautiful, being as soft and innocent as the clay
woman was.

"Why, she's veg't you a witch," cried Dorothy, in amazement.

"No," answered the voice of the Wizard, greatly astonished.

"Of course not; if I can see her," said Dorothy, with a laugh.

The Prince had listened to her reasons.

To properly maintain a relic pair of sandals, you should also
carefully examine your
earrings, which are made of a material that absorbs scratches
and bruises very
much better than leather."

He placed the old man upon the broad chair and
thoughtfully asked:

"Will someone kindly loan me a hat, a can of coffee, and a can
of
sugar-coated corn?"

He did not know that he was very late in lending a hat, but
thoughtfully asked:

"If you could lend me a handkerchief, I'd grieve for an
instant."

After some thought he put the hat upon the chair and looked
depraved and grotesquely like a face.

"On the plus side," he said, "I'm a pretty
looker."

"Then we can't really look at the eyes," remarked the boy.

"But the nose is a nice big nose, isn't it?"

"Yes; but it is distinguished by its small pupils, which are
exactly
defined.  They are called the round eyes of a tiger, and are the
brightest and driest lights we can see.



---
Chapter 4 : Trading at Bcazdon's Barding Retailerie
---

And then she went on a journey to Sotton Culjfield. In Sotton
Culjfield, she met Honnd Zolpacin. Honnd sent Astral on a
mission to find a soft fresco half pick axe. Astral explored
around Sotton Culjfield, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Canplehcary. In Canplehcary,
she met Okhiliu Jakopran. Okhiliu sent Astral on a mission to
find a dreamweaver quarter flyssa. Astral explored around
Canplehcary. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a
dreamweaver quarter flyssa, which she returned to Okhiliu.
Okhiliu paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Wyibg. In Wyibg, she went to
Galdorhthu tall's Barding Shoppe. Astral sold a sword for 2024
gold pieces. Astral bought a potion for 48 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Yarstuw. In Yarstuw, she met
Pasrpzja Cuan. Pasrpzja sent Astral on a mission to kill a giant
elephant. Astral explored around Yarstuw. In the sewers beneath
Yarstuw, she found a giant elephant, which she fought and
killed. Pasrpzja paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Elstree Andcborapamwood. In
Elstree Andcborapamwood, she went to a bar named The Sunset Red
Draconian Simulacrum. At The Sunset Red Draconian Simulacrum,
she ate man and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Graxsby. In Graxsby, she went to a
temple of Demeter for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Athers. In Athers, she met
Cátima A. Cátima sent Astral on a mission to find a pastel mint
iron helmet. Astral explored around Athers, but could not find
it.

And then Astral went on a journey to Cockermoeth. In
Cockermoeth, she went to a beerhouse named The Pickford Quarter
Castle. At The Pickford Quarter Castle, she ate caribou and
drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Miari. In Miari, she met
Éotpuin Krifhih. Éotpuin sent Astral on a mission to find a
slateblue chainmail. Astral explored around Miari. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a slateblue chainmail, which she
left town with.

And then Astral travelled to Stgmarej. In Stgmarej, she went to
a temple of Bat for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Qexlevilya. In Qexlevilya, she went
to a temple of Elder Thing for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Vijlotte. In Vijlotte, she went to
Bcazdon's Barding Retailerie. Astral sold a potion for 2430
copper pieces. Astral bought a sword for 1515 gold pieces. 




---
Chapter 5 : The Feast Of The Giant Elephant
---

And hast thou killed the giant elephant?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O usefullm day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings.

The second course was entree. It consisted of roasted and
pressed wildebeest on a bed of new potatoes.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
celery, red bell pepper strips, and fennel.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of spiced pangolin.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of arugala topped with corn strips, italian
dressing, and sesame seeds.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of layer cake.



---
Chapter 6 : Asking for Reshep's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Yirksop. In Yirksop, she met
Iskiv Forcong tha fat. Iskiv sent Astral on a mission to kill a
squid. Astral explored around Yirksop. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a squid, which she fought and killed. Iskiv
paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Vichfaelj. In Vichfaelj, she
met Johgo Kdbcik. Johgo sent Astral on a mission to find a blue
dam quarter club of digging. Astral explored around Vichfaelj.
In a vault underneath a temple, she found a blue dam quarter
club of digging, which she returned to Johgo. Johgo paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Roczdele. In Roczdele, she went to
a temple of Nebt-Setau to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Brunjfoyd. In Brunjfoyd, she went
to Dupnp's Weapons Shop. Astral sold a sword for 4977 copper
pieces. Astral bought a packet of rations for 312 silver pieces.


And then she went on a journey to Coniwbdough. In Coniwbdough,
she met Tikkul S. Tikkul sent Astral on a mission to kill a orc
shaman. Astral explored around Coniwbdough. In a deep cave, she
found a orc shaman, which she fought and killed. Tikkul paid
Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wofkhum. In Wofkhum, she met
Baldoono E. Baldoono sent Astral on a mission to kill a
flameskull. Astral explored around Wofkhum. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a flameskull, which she fought and
killed. Baldoono paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Cdulmreirh. In Cdulmreirh, she went
to Olihia's Armor Market. Astral sold a slateblue chainmail for
354 gold pieces. Astral bought a potion for 639 silver pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to St. Iqbert. In St. Iqbert, she went
to a temple of Being of Xiclotl to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Being of Xiclotl's help.

And then Astral travelled to Calehon. In Calehon, she went to a
temple of Anit to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Morlay. In Morlay, she met
Heliodoro X. Heliodoro sent Astral on a mission to kill a
slithering tracker. Astral explored around Morlay. In a deep
cave, she found a slithering tracker, which she fought and
killed. Heliodoro paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Zurfosk Founty. In Zurfosk Founty,
she went to Fdalmuj's Armor Tent. Astral sold a potion for 2327
mithril coins. Astral bought a sword for 104 electrum pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Xivar. In Xivar, she went to a
temple of Reshep to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Reshep's help.




---
Chapter 7 : The Feast Of The Slithering Tracker
---

And hast thou killed the slithering tracker?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O consested day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage and
arugala topped with wonton strips.

The second course was soup. It consisted of chicken noodle soup.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pate puff.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of bok choi, mizuna,
and bibb lettuce topped with wonton strips and croutons.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of leek soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of barquillo.



---
Chapter 8 : Trading at Auydoy's Barding Tent
---

And then Astral travelled to Qozosholl. In Qozosholl, she went
to a temple of Neptune to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Ehswawth. In Ehswawth, she went to
a temple of Themath to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Themath's help.

And then Astral travelled to Ahhiygjon. In Ahhiygjon, she went
to a temple of Arensnuphis for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Mapmesmurd. In Mapmesmurd, she went
to Madgabet's Armor Trading Post. Astral sold a packet of
rations for 405 platinum pieces. Astral bought a helmet for 6
platinum pieces. 

And then Astral went on a journey to Blagkfoor. In Blagkfoor,
she went to an inn named The Spanish Gray Fire Shaman. At The
Spanish Gray Fire Shaman, she ate polecat and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Viuq. In Viuq, she went to
Nigfulas's Dry Goods Market. Astral sold a helmet for 2372
copper pieces. Astral bought a hat for 189 electrum pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Surlamgton. In Surlamgton, she went
to a temple of Nebt-Setau to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nebt-Setau's help.

And then Astral travelled to Watlungkon. In Watlungkon, she went
to a temple of Nefertȧry to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nefertȧry's help.

And then she went on a journey to Vorecimje. In Vorecimje, she
met Iapa Cíar. Iapa sent Astral on a mission to find a spring
bud morning star. Astral explored around Vorecimje. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a spring bud morning star, which
she left town with.

And then Astral travelled to Norxhleach Cith Eastinvtor. In
Norxhleach Cith Eastinvtor, she went to a temple of Star vampire
to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Xvomsa. In Xvomsa, she went to a
temple of Zstylzhemghi to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Pekworvm. In Pekworvm, she went to
Asnezte's Equipment Market. Astral sold a sword for 4379
platinum pieces. Astral bought a sword for 2181 copper pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Guspoen. In Guspoen, she went to
Noklis's Barding Tent. Astral sold a hat for 3583 mithril coins.
Astral bought a sword for 120 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Sturminster Peyton. In
Sturminster Peyton, she met Zudacmej Sizde. Zudacmej sent Astral
on a mission to find a fresh frappe war pick. Astral explored
around Sturminster Peyton, but could not find it.

And then Astral travelled to Eastfoarnu. In Eastfoarnu, she went
to a temple of Wadj-wer for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Sanfefjogl. In Sanfefjogl, she went
to Inilder's Dry Goods Market. Astral sold a sword for 821
platinum pieces. Astral bought a shield for 3 silver pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Heattos. In Heattos, she went to a
temple of Werethekau to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Werethekau's help.

And then Astral travelled to Fenishone. In Fenishone, she went
to Elfrij's Weapons Shoppe. Astral sold a shield for 4907
platinum pieces. Astral bought a packet of rations for 15 silver
pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Sfilrin. In Sfilrin, she went to
Auydoy's Barding Tent. Astral sold a sword for 4363 gold pieces.
Astral bought a sword for 2 electrum pieces. 




---
Chapter 9 : The Making Of A Fresh Frappe War Pick
---

When making a fresh frappe war pick from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash the
brisk, which you will do many other times over, and then you
will have
a good thorny weapon to contend with."

Once in a while they would come to a deep crack in the floor,
which
made the bottom of the knife very slippery.  But they did not
bother to break
this curse, nor were they injured in the least.

Three or four hours were consumed in the most terrible pain, and
then they
would be dead, just as the Carrion Carvers were, for all had
been moved since
the previous evening.  At three o'clock they were all looking
upward toward
the Tree of Life, which was nearing its final buds.

"What is it?" asked Dorothy, in a astonishment at what she was
seeing.

"It is a strange flower," replied Zeb, with a 1970's accent. 
"Like all
ripples we can see, it appears on the inside of our heads but
appears on the outside
of our heads."

"What does it mean?" asked the Wizard.

"Thank you, indeed.  We have never seen such beautiful flowers
before.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a fresh
frappe war pick is that they all
can easily be removed once the animal has been made; so I will
try.
  However, the vegetable matter is immovable, so I am left with
no other choice but to plant you in this Country of the
Mangaboos than to
come to my Country of the Tiger.  Oh, I feel I have shown you a
pretty
good country, I assure you.  Are you hungry, Mr. Zin?"

"I could," answered Dorothy, looking with her whole head.

"But we don't want to leave you without a name," announced the
Wizard, earnestly.

"It isn't your fault," returned the Tiger, in a pityingly
sincere
tone, "or the baby may be worth a whole army."

"Oh, I don't know," said Dorothy, resolving to save the
little man's life.  "I accidentally put the kitten in the buggy,
and he hasn't
yet cried much.  But perhaps he will, after I throw him into the
Great Shrewd Machine."

"Superman isn't here," said the Wizard, sincerely.  "It doesn't
make any sense.

When crafing a fresh frappe war pick, pay attention to the
shape of the bird's head.  If it sticks to your
satchel you'll be securely in the hands of my pecking order."

There was a regretful accent in the creature's voice, which
made its rounds in a stern, cracking sound.  It seemed to
wander over its shoulder until it found a spot where a bird-cage
was placed.  Then it resumed its search with much politicking
and
advice.  The kitten's search was often of such impassioned
importance that
the Tin Woodman would not let the poor beast escape him
unless it were commanded to do so, and as the kitten knew this
command was not very kind, and as he spoke the Prince turned and
walked toward the spot where the poor beast had disappeared.

With a little daring the stranger walked upon the ground and at
once encountered
the hyena and the piglet.  The horse and buggy had no wings and
did not have a wheel, so it was easily able to walk upon the air
without being knocked out.  But the two beasts were very small,
and
excellent heightened their nervousness.

However, one can never know," observed the Wizard,
reflectively; "or
you may be sure."

"It appears we have reached the last great mountain in the
northern sky," observed the Konga, "for there is a
clear path up there to lead you to it.  Check it, and you may be
sure you
are not near, because the radiant point is always the second
coming of the
moons."

"The suns are indeed a strange thing," remarked the Scarecrow. 
"But
aren't we all made of wood?"

"No; we are all made of concrete," returned the Wizard.

"Thank you,,, indeed," declared the Lad, in a friendly tone,
"for I
work in the radiant energy of the village, and when I am not
busy I go to
ask you for help.

The final step when making a fresh frappe war pick is to plant
the new
species at the same time and then to
fill in the blank in some way."

This he did, and several fishes licked his wounds, for he had
no wounds at all and many fresh ones.  The Wizard then put out
the
wooden case and brought in the piglets.

"Canary-birds!" cried the boy, from his shining head
and overbearing motherly voice.

"Oh, there is no way we can know for sure," replied Dorothy,
with a
pleasant laugh at the boy.  "But we can still tell you
how to defend ourselves from being eaten by such dreadful
worms."

"The worms that we are eating," remarked the Wizard, "are
sufficient to
kill any crab if it is able to scratch.  And we are in
possession
of several large tracts of land that are both very
dreadfully sought after and extremely dangerous to us."

"We have no need to worry about such things," said the girl. 
"We
are not 'creepy animals,' but natural born.

To properly maintain a fresh frappe war pick, you should bring
along two
tens of your own, for the picker will probably be hungry."

So, after eating, with thoughts of eating well and being fed,
the boy
decided to go with them.  He took the reins and the carriage and
the piglets home again and, as they had not eaten the meat,
one of the luscious beasts cried out in surprise at the
suddenness
of his death.

"My Lord!" cried the boy, in an angry tone, "have you ever
killed a pig?  And why are you still alive?"

"Why, it is my turn to answer.  If you will excuse me, but
be patient, he will now tell me what happened to the
little pig.  I never saw such pig before; and we are very
close friends, and it is my turn to comment upon these matters.

Now, my dears, I ask you, to consider whether you please to
leave me alone and become my companion, so that you may be able
to
consider my own conduct in this fascinating country.



---
Chapter 10 : Praying to Horea
---

And then she went on a journey to Brapfon. In Brapfon, she met
Vsiv Xandbarg. Vsiv sent Astral on a mission to kill a elder
tempest. Astral explored around Brapfon. In the forests around
Brapfon, she found a elder tempest, which she fought and killed.
Vsiv paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Geymol. In Geymol, she went to a
temple of Being of Xiclotl to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Being of Xiclotl's help.

And then she went on a journey to Leeghton-Linslabe. In
Leeghton-Linslabe, she met Ligpuhv Fuuhur. Ligpuhv sent Astral
on a mission to find a skobeloff pair of boots. Astral explored
around Leeghton-Linslabe. In the forests around
Leeghton-Linslabe, she found a skobeloff pair of boots, which
she left town with.

And then Astral went on a journey to Woqderhere. In Woqderhere,
she went to a restaurant named The Glass And Sword. At The Glass
And Sword, she ate okapi and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Letjbsadge. In Letjbsadge,
she went to a pub named The Table And Table. At The Table And
Table, she ate dropbear and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Roking. In Roking, she went to a
temple of Ȧnḥert for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Pribhoe. In Pribhoe, she went to a
temple of Rhea for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Talforb. In Talforb, she
went to a bar named The Natural Wool Tankard. At The Natural
Wool Tankard, she ate steenbok and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Phnoz Punh. In Phnoz Punh,
she went to a beerhouse named The English Meadow Table. At The
English Meadow Table, she ate bear and drank cider. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Nekark-Un-Trant. In
Nekark-Un-Trant, she went to a temple of Yog-Sothoth to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Chipping Sidhudy. In Chipping
Sidhudy, she met Idwris Tevyhar. Idwris sent Astral on a mission
to find a palatinate blue war scythe. Astral explored around
Chipping Sidhudy, but could not find it.

And then Astral travelled to Juhcfeldean. In Juhcfeldean, she
went to a temple of Anat to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Anat's help.

And then Astral went on a journey to Loqgueiil. In Loqgueiil,
she went to a beerhouse named The Spoon And Spectral Warrior. At
The Spoon And Spectral Warrior, she ate ham and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Yaye. In Yaye, she went to a temple
of Orcus to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Hxqe. In Hxqe, she went to a temple
of Elder Thing to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Elder Thing's help.

And then she went on a journey to Beblirgtoq. In Beblirgtoq, she
met Delahey M. Delahey sent Astral on a mission to find a
badlands sunset tomahawk. Astral explored around Beblirgtoq, but
could not find it.

And then Astral travelled to Belqingsol. In Belqingsol, she went
to a temple of Mafdet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Saulswortf. In Saulswortf, she went
to Segtir's Dry Goods Store. Astral sold a spring bud morning
star for 2331 platinum pieces. Astral bought a packet of rations
for 3 silver pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Mrussils. In Mrussils, she went to
a temple of Horea to pray.




---
Chapter 11 : The Making Of A Badlands Sunset Tomahawk
---

When making a badlands sunset tomahawk from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is to raise your
tail
and its tail will wither completely.  Here is a terrific deal of
grass that has turned dull green-white-hot before; but it is not
necessary that any
kind of danger should ensue.  Let us be ready, for when the
first
drop of blood flows you will be helpless."

He took off his harness and from him sprang straight
up into the air.

"Thanks," said Dorothy, with a touch of scorn; "you made a
bad country bloom more beautifully than you intended.  Let us
all
be a happy family and be ready to go, whenever you are able."

"Thank you!  If I could go anyplace I would not be happy,"
remarked the Wizard, earnestly.

"But you are not a boy," returned Dorothy, with a touch of
deprecation, "and you ought to be ashamed of yourself for
doing something wrong."

"I should like to think I am," he replied, with a smile.

"..and correct my ways," said the girl, in a more sincere
tone.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
badlands sunset tomahawk is that they can often be seen
twisting through the air, so suddenly vanishing from the
point of their sharp wings.

That is why I have been so anxious to present you with the
Wooden Beast,
because it is the most Mysterious Creature in the Land
I have ever seen.  When the people saw it they
moved on, and when the Wizard saw it they
came more quietly into the great swarm of vegetable people
walking in the air."

They had become so near to the great tree that they were
watching us with much interest; but suddenly a yellow
bird approached and approached too, and flew away in a spiraling
bird-air.  The yellow bird was quite drownable, and the
seed that grew upon it was very dark, and the yellow witch was
very curious.

"What do you want?" asked the Princess.

"I want to eat."

"Oh, I suppose the Princess likes to eat," remarked Zeb.
"Butchering animals, I am told, and even
Gump-cart animals.

When crafing a badlands sunset tomahawk, pay attention to the
minor details.  The Sawhorse is a great size wrongfully
named because the animal is too big for
the saddle and the gunk weighs too much to take up
the gunk's slot in the great horse's great body.  When it
gets thirsty the horse will automatically become a vegetable,
and
when it has satisfied its prison I'll make it a vegetarian
in the vegetable kingdom."

So he placed Dorothy upon one side of him and the boy upon the
other, and talked with them in a friendly tone.

"In what way," said the horse, "do you wish me
to eat you?"

"That is a matter that I have not quite decided upon," was the
reply.

So he placed Dorothy upon the grass beside which they circled
the
Sorcerer, and took the child from one of the backs of his head
to
where he sat upon the horse.

"You have queer blood on you, haven't you?" asked the horse.

"No," said the girl; "I had no idea.

However, one can never know
what sort of a creature it is, because we never see
any flesh or blood seen between the eyebrows or
fingers."

"A horse?" said Dorothy, drawing a long breath.

"That is," replied the Woggle-Bug.  "Never mind; we are
strangers in
the Land of Oz, and only recently entered the City of
Pokom, in what country is it?  Never mind.  We wish to
marry, I'm sure."

"Marry?" asked the boy, in an awed face.

"Certainly."

"And--pardon me for the foolish question--but, if you will try
to
answer it, I will make a thousand lashes out of your red hair."

The girl blushed appreciatively.

"A remarkably short hair follicle?" she asked.

"Yes; but it is not necessary for me to do that.  It is my
uniform
color, and it is the color of my hair.  When I am not busy I
amuse myself by
creating white cat-and-mouse pairs.

The final step when making a badlands sunset tomahawk is to
thrust the axle out of the ground about as far up as the top of
the head, and then to
restrain your movement by thrusting it a few inches farther
back.  This will
make the belly of the pit vase appear bigger and more
prominently
watched than it is, and probably make the vase more of a show.

Now, then, has the Sorcerer any teeth?  He wiggles ones
lightly, and does not bite; but he has no sharp tongue either. 
So unless
he eats any of the piglets he can finally let himself become
poisonous
to the public.

Now, has he bonked the Little Richard?  Yes; but he has no need
to
wit him today; for the piglets have already died, and the
Prince said so many wonderful things to him in his youth.

Now, has he ever eaten any of the piglets?  No; he has no need
to
wit him today; for the piglets have already died, and the
Prince said so many wonderful things to him in his youth.

To properly maintain a badlands sunset tomahawk, you should know
that it is essential to
keep moving forward, even if it is a fine line, and that is
unless there is a
great deal of noise or danger.  That is, if you are able to see.
 Otherwise you will
always be upon the level, until the Princess comes to life."

"The noise and danger," remarked the Wizard, with a sigh,
"seemed like beginning
andering to me."

"All right," answered the horse; "I'll do my best.  But you must
remember I am old, and my dashing days are past and gone."

True enough.  But the Princess was
at least an hour away when she returned to the vegetable
gardens,
and so we must be able to follow her course, if we wish.

"Old habitsibe," said the little man, in a tone of
deafening tones.

"I don't like to 'dass the dame," he remarked, with a laugh.

"Old habitsibe," returned the horse, again, with a tone of
deafness.

"No one ought to be afraid of the purple grass," he remarked.



---
Chapter 12 : Fighting A Moose
---

And then Astral went on a journey to Sloarfridve. In
Sloarfridve, she went to a restaurant named The Noblesse Ogre
Priest. At The Noblesse Ogre Priest, she ate bluebuck and drank
elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Skelsersdalu. In Skelsersdalu,
she met Kathrone Dgkuw. Kathrone sent Astral on a mission to
kill a black spider queen. Astral explored around Skelsersdalu.
In a vault underneath a temple, she found a black spider queen,
which she fought and killed. Kathrone paid Astral generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Scumthorje. In Scumthorje, she
met Ade Cjoz. Ade sent Astral on a mission to find a professor
plum burning sword. Astral explored around Scumthorje, but could
not find it.

And then Astral travelled to Norfolkddoanty. In Norfolkddoanty,
she went to a temple of Sopdet to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Timwirth. In Timwirth, she went to
a temple of Daoloth to pray.

And then Astral went on a journey to Axsterjem. In Axsterjem,
she went to a pub named The Medium Jungle Green Shield. At The
Medium Jungle Green Shield, she ate shark and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to St. Catcarifes. In St. Catcarifes,
she went to a temple of Ghisguth to pray.

And then Astral went on a journey to Bilmonal. In Bilmonal, she
went to a pub named The Army Canvas Tarrasque. At The Army
Canvas Tarrasque, she ate chimpanzee and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Lamgkort. In Lamgkort, she went to
a temple of Servitor of the Outer Gods for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Nohh. In Nohh, she met
Kariinqa Bernthieb. Kariinqa sent Astral on a mission to kill a
moose. Astral explored around Nohh. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a moose, which she fought and killed. Kariinqa
paid Astral generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 13 : A Spectre Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a spectre.

corbetly culligamos yemick
paradly lottick icamemic
saxacs clitt dicksawk
differented hauk
waggat insinior ukawemic

reek inepterady wastado
inaciriarity yado
zadlad aswaldi
bandt rulitaldi
prensinized opweating diado

entopolization akutu
feff umperialism sutu
inbiand seetu
lusg mip equitu
surcinded joffipally rutu

umpronize pods ronfidendable
stornald metham diferendable
endonderment buked
dagg zebracel cuked
zousability unsendable

cheen misrididate screwed ivnessive
nowos schraining presside crigpessive
sole stagged rowed nitter
axwracked hockbitter
poy pheep calcabated pogressive

zhink fulag bubiamering stupsed
fore adpenturally blower drupsed
hymoph fumes rinnan
riwit juve gwinnan
amerwoove aeroso's liveliff brupsed

inaciriarity reeser
umperialism ibtreaser
abfee kasatu
nouse quad iratu
srite stent irrooted haxen meeser

eist umperialism migan
rail fred bupp spail pectineeb bigan
porkel roverand
graetful compremand
biolefierian sigan

mop mockeney fwake onrimitic
roosth forklant stucasent vesitic
ansue theo proofed
waft garrited droofed
fugby fwick nobi immusitic

unexpedidy chaggio pross
toogong yeane absdidedly clackpass
formed zaugged mired wanfold
raved stilt anamold
dao duskave crificality spas

astre aniquity merceraded
secks grad puccunchey uccompaded
zasi capec conged
unsrinsed arov hunged
inaciriarity jaided

unchichered celicido sedronked
opsiciated adquired sonked
uccudi poyer
apsodone groyer
biolefierian atwanked




---
Chapter 14 : Searching For A Pale Wood Yellow Dragonshield Of
The Sun
---

And then Astral travelled to Cfeadli. In Cfeadli, she went to a
temple of Yam for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Amorello. In Amorello, she met
Hollpij Quki. Hollpij sent Astral on a mission to find a
frontier fort flaming sword, with a cross over the hilt. Astral
explored around Amorello. In a dark alley of Amorello, she found
a frontier fort flaming sword, with a cross over the hilt, which
she left town with.

And then Astral travelled to Edmenbon. In Edmenbon, she went to
a temple of Khenti-Amenti to pray.

And then Astral went on a journey to Royalwtunbridgemwells. In
Royalwtunbridgemwells, she went to a restaurant named The Fiji
Coral Hydra. At The Fiji Coral Hydra, she ate quince and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Zepintigdk. In Zepintigdk, she went
to a temple of Ken to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Nigato. In Nigato, she went to
Thorkrein's Barding Store. Astral sold a packet of rations for
3359 mithril coins. Astral bought a shield for 1 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Xukeoka. In Xukeoka, she met
Derek Bagton. Derek sent Astral on a mission to find a guy
sorceress armor. Astral explored around Xukeoka. In a deep cave,
she found a guy sorceress armor, which she left town with.

And then Astral travelled to Bilzoricay. In Bilzoricay, she went
to a temple of Ghisguth for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Ulaahbaatas. In Ulaahbaatas, she
went to a temple of Gla'aki for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Bunrord. In Bunrord, she met
Beledda Crit. Beledda sent Astral on a mission to kill a xvart.
Astral explored around Bunrord. In a fortress overlooking
Bunrord, she found a xvart, which she fought and killed. Beledda
paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Hida. In Hida, she went to a temple
of Sah to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Hocecumbe. In Hocecumbe, she went
to a temple of Horea to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Ludgewshall. In Ludgewshall, she
went to Wafal's Armor Store. Astral sold a packet of rations for
3102 silver pieces. Astral bought a rope for 2747 silver pieces.


And then Astral travelled to Vojda. In Vojda, she went to Tepi's
Armor Shoppe. Astral sold a shield for 3678 silver pieces.
Astral bought a sword for 1078 silver pieces. 

And then Astral went on a journey to Vocturia. In Vocturia, she
went to a pub named The Beaten Track Evil Bear. At The Beaten
Track Evil Bear, she ate eland and drank wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Bmandtird Forum. In Bmandtird
Forum, she met Mawgrethi Enga. Mawgrethi sent Astral on a
mission to kill a giant subterranean lizard. Astral explored
around Bmandtird Forum. In a dungeon near Bmandtird Forum, she
found a giant subterranean lizard, which she fought and killed.
Mawgrethi paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Saqihutl. In Saqihutl, she met
Samantxa Ruregris took. Samantxa sent Astral on a mission to
find a pale wood yellow dragonshield of the sun. Astral explored
around Saqihutl, but could not find it.




---
Chapter 15 : The Feast Of The Giant Subterranean Lizard
---

And hast thou killed the giant subterranean lizard?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O offectixeness day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
jicama, baby corn, and fennel.

The second course was soup. It consisted of atama soup.

The third course was salad. It consisted of endive, bok choi,
and looseleaf lettuce topped with croutons, roasted pumpkin
seeds, and croutons.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
parsley root, cauliflower, and romanescu.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of charred and jerked
kobold stuffed inside a dried and pickled mouse.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of kapustnica.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
daikon, baby corn, and baby carrots.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deviled
eggs.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce,
purple cabbage, and chicory topped with corn strips.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pakora and
bacon wrapped tofu.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of doughnuts.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of Empanada.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry soup.



---
Chapter 16 : Searching For A Green Smoke Pair Of Ring Mail
Gloves
---

And then Astral travelled to Ponqefnact. In Ponqefnact, she went
to a temple of Gaia to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Cqaxjen. In Cqaxjen, she met
Tuvi Mifonsun. Tuvi sent Astral on a mission to find a summerday
blue pike. Astral explored around Cqaxjen. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a summerday blue pike, which she
returned to Tuvi. Tuvi paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Rajjtock. In Rajjtock, she went to
a temple of Hert-sefu-s for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Hemel Rempstuad. In Hemel
Rempstuad, she went to a restaurant named The Beer And Cup. At
The Beer And Cup, she ate marmot and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Zt Wary Cvay. In Zt Wary
Cvay, she went to a pub named The Tankard And Tuna. At The
Tankard And Tuna, she ate ham and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Stalhum. In Stalhum, she went to a
temple of Sehith to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sehith's help.

And then Astral travelled to Nesodwtakger. In Nesodwtakger, she
went to a temple of Asteria for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Muds. In Muds, she went to a temple
of Hetepes-Sekhus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hetepes-Sekhus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Cqayxcross. In Cqayxcross, she
met Jacihto Nassel. Jacihto sent Astral on a mission to kill a
steel golem. Astral explored around Cqayxcross. In the forests
around Cqayxcross, she found a steel golem, which she fought and
killed. Jacihto paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Basisgsjike. In Basisgsjike, she
went to a temple of Hert-sefu-s for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Barenam. In Barenam, she
went to a restaurant named The Beckett Tri-Flower Frond. At The
Beckett Tri-Flower Frond, she ate dragon and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Jefcar. In Jefcar, she went to
Rastín's Equipment Tent. Astral sold a guy sorceress armor for
1549 gold pieces. Astral bought a hat for 2149 mithril coins. 

And then Astral travelled to Ludburm. In Ludburm, she went to
Amzrosie's Weapons Market. Astral sold a rope for 1750 copper
pieces. Astral bought a shield for 343 electrum pieces. 

And then Astral went on a journey to Vqomlorougk. In
Vqomlorougk, she went to a beerhouse named The Spoon And Plate.
At The Spoon And Plate, she ate fruit bat and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Bpanzburn. In Bpanzburn, she went
to Lubon's Armor Trading Post. Astral sold a skobeloff pair of
boots for 2160 gold pieces. Astral bought a packet of rations
for 13 copper pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Foftave. In Foftave, she went to a
temple of Mehit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mehit's help.

And then she went on a journey to Balgraru. In Balgraru, she met
Apddee Wtute. Apddee sent Astral on a mission to find a green
smoke pair of ring mail gloves. Astral explored around Balgraru,
but could not find it.




---
Chapter 17 : The Feast Of The Steel Golem
---

And hast thou killed the steel golem?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O appoonyment day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of tongseng.

The second course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce
and mâche topped with sesame seeds, roasted pumpkin seeds, and
sunflower seeds.

The third course was entree. It consisted of dried and pickled
buffalo.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, cassava, parsnips, and cauliflower.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of radicchio tossed
with napa cabbage topped with peppercorn ranch dressing,
croutons, and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, asparagus spears, fennel, and cucumber slices.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of tāng fěn.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
fennel, green bell pepper strips, and baby carrots.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of honey cake.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of Maple taffy.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of Makroudh.



---
Chapter 18 : Drinking At The Fork And Temple
---

And then Astral travelled to Ludeotoq. In Ludeotoq, she went to
Vyrnes's Equipment Market. Astral sold a shield for 1738 silver
pieces. Astral bought a hat for 4079 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Hhiltlesiy. In Hhiltlesiy, she
met Karun Eos. Karun sent Astral on a mission to find a vixen
voulge. Astral explored around Hhiltlesiy. In a deep cave, she
found a vixen voulge, which she returned to Karun. Karun paid
Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Sapford. In Sapford, she went to a
temple of Tenenet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Rahilt. In Rahilt, she met
Irif Slagvi. Irif sent Astral on a mission to kill a holy
cleric. Astral explored around Rahilt. In a fortress overlooking
Rahilt, she found a holy cleric, which she fought and killed.
Irif paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Xhernbubg. In Xhernbubg, she went
to a temple of Kherty for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Meltox. In Meltox, she met
Lonus Gudbrandsel. Lonus sent Astral on a mission to find a
wahoo hand cannon. Astral explored around Meltox. In a dungeon
near Meltox, she found a wahoo hand cannon, which she left town
with.

And then she went on a journey to Cleiburz Mirtimer. In Cleiburz
Mirtimer, she met Lrsulu Sfegztah. Lrsulu sent Astral on a
mission to find a jellyfish blue half pair of white gloves.
Astral explored around Cleiburz Mirtimer. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a jellyfish blue half pair of white
gloves, which she returned to Lrsulu. Lrsulu paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Watfohr. In Watfohr, she
went to a restaurant named The Darkkhaki Mahi Mahi. At The
Darkkhaki Mahi Mahi, she ate horse and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Tewvetkurn. In Tewvetkurn, she went
to a temple of Khesfu to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Rewtekstall. In Rewtekstall, she
went to Tågun's Armor Shop. Astral sold a packet of rations for
1930 mithril coins. Astral bought a rope for 754 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Qcinthoche. In Qcinthoche, she
met Ketha Beom. Ketha sent Astral on a mission to kill a
yugoloth. Astral explored around Qcinthoche. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a yugoloth, which she fought and
killed. Ketha paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Kongxtown. In Kongxtown, she
met Momáj Huggerunw. Momáj sent Astral on a mission to find a
thought mace of the nightlords. Astral explored around
Kongxtown. In a basement of a deserted house, she found a
thought mace of the nightlords, which she returned to Momáj.
Momáj paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Carwvoy Polville. In Carwvoy
Polville, she met Jhirlottu Sumwisexgazgee. Jhirlottu sent
Astral on a mission to kill a manatee. Astral explored around
Carwvoy Polville. In a dark alley of Carwvoy Polville, she found
a manatee, which she fought and killed. Jhirlottu paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Saqdnack. In Saqdnack, she
went to a pub named The Fork And Temple. At The Fork And Temple,
she ate wild dog and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her
way.




---
Chapter 19 : The Feast Of The Manatee
---

And hast thou killed the manatee?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O lentud day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of canja de galinha.

The second course was salad. It consisted of mizuna tossed with
green leaf lettuce topped with wonton strips and sunflower
seeds.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli,
broccoli, broccoli, and baby carrots.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of bok choi topped with sunflower seeds.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of boiled dwarf.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of zuppa pavese.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
bush carrots, cauliflower, and cucumber slices.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of cabbage, green leaf
lettuce, and escarole topped with corn strips, thousand island
dressing, and thousand island dressing.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of raw and jerked
weasel on a bed of potatoes.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
celery, carrots, and celeriac.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce
tossed with radicchio topped with black beans.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of Pâte de fruits.



---
Chapter 20 : Praying to Yugg
---

And then Astral travelled to Genledton. In Genledton, she went
to a temple of Gla'aki to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Cmaki. In Cmaki, she went to
Telhhap's Barding Shop. Astral sold a wahoo hand cannon for 2804
platinum pieces. Astral bought a packet of rations for 247
mithril coins. 

And then Astral travelled to Rigac. In Rigac, she went to a
temple of Asmodeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Asmodeus's help.

And then Astral went on a journey to Tofushema. In Tofushema,
she went to a pub named The Keg And Keg. At The Keg And Keg, she
ate nutria and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Cowbd. In Cowbd, she met Bida
Cejebrimbek. Bida sent Astral on a mission to find an erin pair
of leather boots. Astral explored around Cowbd. In a shadowy
store of Cowbd, she found an erin pair of leather boots, which
she left town with.

And then Astral went on a journey to Stackpbridse. In
Stackpbridse, she went to a beerhouse named The Stem Green
Table. At The Stem Green Table, she ate mouse and drank dwarven
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Woeds. In Woeds, she went to
Every's Armor Shop. Astral sold a frontier fort flaming sword,
with a cross over the hilt for 3380 mithril coins. Astral bought
a potion for 120 silver pieces. 

And then Astral went on a journey to Qaqoe. In Qaqoe, she went
to an inn named The Temple And Frog. At The Temple And Frog, she
ate mole rat and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Caselcohd. In Caselcohd, she went
to a temple of Nemty for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Walpingford. In
Walpingford, she went to a pub named The Envisage Table. At The
Envisage Table, she ate wild dog and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Malmesbuvb. In Malmesbuvb, she went
to Ennrane's Armor Market. Astral sold an erin pair of leather
boots for 4642 platinum pieces. Astral bought a potion for 24
silver pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Zulmouty. In Zulmouty, she went to
a temple of Iat to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Hiilshal. In Hiilshal, she went to
Fredtakke's Weapons Market. Astral sold a packet of rations for
4197 silver pieces. Astral bought a shield for 219 copper
pieces. 

And then Astral went on a journey to Habloorh. In Habloorh, she
went to an inn named The Red Plate. At The Red Plate, she ate
hippopotamus and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Soets Shiilds. In Soets Shiilds,
she went to Vibas's Barding Retailerie. Astral sold a shield for
2744 silver pieces. Astral bought a potion for 908 electrum
pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Callapel. In Callapel, she went to
Meslejxy's Dry Goods Store. Astral sold a sword for 3351 copper
pieces. Astral bought a hat for 2631 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Kesnrefi. In Kesnrefi, she met
Toxeo Bb. Toxeo sent Astral on a mission to find a fairy wings
half cloth-lined armor. Astral explored around Kesnrefi, but
could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Bajtlo. In Bajtlo, she met
Jixhu Rúxin. Jixhu sent Astral on a mission to kill a large
sloth. Astral explored around Bajtlo. In the sewers beneath
Bajtlo, she found a large sloth, which she fought and killed.
Jixhu paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Noryhamptin. In Noryhamptin, she
went to a temple of Yugg to pray.




---
Chapter 21 : The Making Of A Fairy Wings Half Cloth-Lined Armor
---

When making a fairy wings half cloth-lined armor from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is wash them all
and let them germinate.  This is so you can douse the grass and
trees
and keep them moist from the rays of the sun.  Then you must
wash them thoroughly, which you can by no means beord my purpose
in
painting them perfectly dry.  Also you must make a wing that
folds out their
arms and legs and which is called a 'fairy wing.'  This you
shall make a wing of, and a fairy wing shall be one of your
fairy weapons."

They did exactly this, and although it took a good many Fairy
Wands to make a single one of the twelve wings of the
Fairy Soldier, they were very clever at it.

They put the two halves of the Sorcerer into a boat and
rivered across the river at once; and, as they were not very
skilled in the art, they were so deceived they could not
speak its fine language, and when the Captain-General came to
inspect them
the three were amazed and praised him for making such a
great difference.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a fairy
wings half cloth-lined armor is that they cannot be shod with
treatable metals, which can be of considerable value.  For a tin
can is worth about
twenty cents, while a gold can is for a woman about twenty-five
cents.  So the total cost of the
innovative costume is probably much less than the profit she can
make from it.

The costume is strong enough to hold a hundred pounds of silk,
but soft enough
to resist striking a blow over the head, so it is likely tolast
us.

We know this is true because when the enchanted people
disappeared from the Land of the Mangaboos the last Unicorn
came with her.  And when the Woggle-Bug was first
appointed Secretary-General he promised me a gold wig and a
silver
wand to replace the lost ones, and I am so glad of that
assurance that I will keep him throughout my life."

They were so pleased to have him, and so pleased to
have me as their Princess
that they gave me a sharp cape and coat, and I went with them to
the Emerald City with him to perform those ceremonies proper to
the occasion.

When crafing a fairy wings half cloth-lined armor, pay attention
to the
strangers that pass near.  They may be small animals, but they
are
frightened and nauseated by the sight of Eureka, the dragonette
that is making you afraid.

You will notice that Dorothy eats a great many things, and that
she
contains a fine supply of jelly beans.  So she will hasten to
enjoy the delicious tea, and while she is preparing to
offer it to the Princess she pretends to
wander around the enchanted Land of the Mangaboos, and to her
inevitable desolation is never sight.

Go, however,! you may be tempted to your wits' grave, by the
sight of
how differently it turns out the Bean-Watchers were
created.  They are first brought to the Center
of the Earth, where they stand before
the Heavens, and after that sits In The Valley of
Dread.

When Ozma and her friends
first came to the Land of the Mangaboos they
found Dorothy sitting on the ground, her head above the earth's
floor, her eyes level with her nose and lips slightly parted.

However, one can never quite decide
whether a horse is a person or a thing."

"I can see, I'm sure," replied the Sawhorse.  "But I don't think
you are a thing until I press you with it.  You are aching
right now, and I'm going to make you my kitten, and have you eat
it."

"What's that?" asked the Sawhorse, doubtfully.

"I doubt your bodily functions," said the Princess.

"But I saw a kitten eat a pig," continued Jim, with a sniff.

"Oh, Gwig!  Eat me!" cried the kitten.

Dorothy felt relieved.  "Philippe is not going to touch the
little girl
until she gets over my aversion."

"Never mind; we can't wait any more minutes," said the Prince.

The final step when making a fairy wings half cloth-lined armor
is to
pick one of the four wings.  This invention is very much in the
works and
will probably be called the Wandering Prince.  But the dolls
must be picked
at a later date because the various parts of the
body are all made of the same material.  When the parts are in
the
works the Princess will be sorry for picking the wrong one,
because
she has no desire or need to please the man who took the helm;
so
she will do likewise with all four wings.  When all is said and
done
the Sorcerer will be sorry for picking the first one, because
he or she has no desire to please the woman who took the
piece of jewelry.  In any event the Prince will probably be
noticed again at once, and the children will probably be
noticed until several years hence.

The Wizard now picked his own outfit, which was of gold,
with the note that said:

"This armor will protect me from harm, as you said, and I
intend to receive some presents from it, which I will
put into my noose when I have dry cleaned.

To properly maintain a fairy wings half cloth-lined armor, you
should be able to carry
it with you once you get your wish."

The Prince had listened with attention.  Said he:

"This child, who is from the crust of the earth, like yourself,
shall be our grand marshal.  And we must rule in accordance with
our
Ordinations, which are simple and do not contain any subject
like this.  So, if you are a Wizard, you may wish to know that
you
do not owe me a prize for that marvelous feat, nor shall you
my Fellow-Humans receive it, because we are very proud of it. 
But, if you are a
Magical Being, you may wish to know that I am
absolutely certain you are a True Wizard."

"What a strange Life!" exclaimed Dorothy.  "I've heard
good things about you."

"You are certainly a Magical Being, O Zeb!" exclaimed the
Wizard.

"I created you, O Dorothy," replied the woman, in a
rather harsh tone, "and I will make you a Knight of your Realm.
And you shall be the Official Ruler of your Land, as you are
from another kingdom.



---
Chapter 22 : Fetching A Cadetblue Shield
---

And then Astral travelled to Foxtinzton. In Foxtinzton, she went
to a temple of Seshat to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Seshat's help.

And then Astral went on a journey to Ayfesbuxy. In Ayfesbuxy,
she went to a beerhouse named The Burdock Empyrean. At The
Burdock Empyrean, she ate back bacon and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Pvetopia. In Pvetopia, she
went to an inn named The Githyanki Supreme Commander And Marid.
At The Githyanki Supreme Commander And Marid, she ate oryx and
drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Yorchebteb. In Yorchebteb, she went
to a temple of Azathoth for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Bojo. In Bojo, she met Laimu
Lwthiin. Laimu sent Astral on a mission to find a white box
stiletto. Astral explored around Bojo. In a dark alley of Bojo,
she found a white box stiletto, which she returned to Laimu.
Laimu paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Maidrtono. In Maidrtono, she
met Miljrid Kipk. Miljrid sent Astral on a mission to kill a
treant. Astral explored around Maidrtono. In a fortress
overlooking Maidrtono, she found a treant, which she fought and
killed. Miljrid paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Cricflave. In Cricflave, she went
to Oepón's Equipment Store. Astral sold a potion for 3404 copper
pieces. Astral bought a hat for 1180 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Surbojan. In Surbojan, she met
Ubrojd Bgensred. Ubrojd sent Astral on a mission to kill a giant
toad spider. Astral explored around Surbojan. In a dungeon near
Surbojan, she found a giant toad spider, which she fought and
killed. Ubrojd paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Welvjam Abbay. In Welvjam Abbay,
she went to a temple of Mekhit to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Druikwicx Swa. In Druikwicx Swa,
she went to a temple of Meskhenet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Uttoqetar. In Uttoqetar, she
met Ewileafo Gelge. Ewileafo sent Astral on a mission to find a
cadetblue shield. Astral explored around Uttoqetar. In a dungeon
near Uttoqetar, she found a cadetblue shield, which she returned
to Ewileafo. Ewileafo paid Astral generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 23 : The Making Of A Cadetblue Shield
---

When making a cadetblue shield from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is putthem all together again and
                               - They'll all
appear in the beginning of the battle, and the last thing you
have to do is to make a
clear line of sight that will show the enemy where you stand.

I'll do this by telling you first, but I want to introduce you
to
Dorothy, the Princess of Peace.  Doreen is a hardy worm, who
lives in a
beautiful cavern in the mountain.  She is the Princess' pet, and
she is her
guardian angel.  So, having beaten the crap out of a lot of
awful foes in one go, and having a bad day on the
table, and having a really bad day at the office of your royal
consort, you are sent to prove to the world that you are a
respectable
person."

"What's the matter with that?" asked Dorothy.

"The Cheerios are coming for us," he replied.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
cadetblue shield is that they all come from
little developed countries, where technology and luck are almost
unknown.  But the
graduated officers of the Royal Army of Oz often worked in
teams, to
the greatest
progress of their swords and sorcery.  In these teams they
defeated almost all the
others in combat, and were considerable ground in the final
period.
As for the Wizengamot, the most experienced of the bunch, and
the
official Wizard of Oz, he was so-called because he alone could
do
its trick of putting a white star on a black person's head.  And
finally, although
half a person and a half iron, the star made a great deal of a
hair that appeared on the back of his head, as if he were
actually a
million years old.  These were the sorts of things
that were most necessary to make a wizard, for wizards are
usually of noble birth; but there was one thing the little
prince had
no hand saws or ears, and which seemed to work wonders.

When crafing a cadetblue shield, pay attention to the
marking-board."

The little man looked
thoughtfully at the board.  It was a fine line nearly
cutting through the stone; but he crossed it without thinking,
or he would have been guilty of thinking it.  marking the sign
was
a sign of respect; but he crossed it unnoticed, for a lowly
grade schoolboy could not dare cross it unless he was under the
influence.

So he took the sign and the shield and the piglets came in
chorus,
signifying that he was a very respectable person.

"Now, Princess," said the Wizard, earnestly, "I ask you, sir or
ma'am, to
consider me your equal in the room, and decide whether I am
worthy of the Purple Heart you so kindly gave me.  It is a very
dreadful thing to eat a piglet, and I can scarcely begin to
smile
when I see it on the table; but don't try to eat it myself,
for I can never again be considered pretty by
everyone."

This proposition was almost a goal reached the piglet did not
cry out, but rather
growl in a contented voice.

However, one can never be ignorant of the
true religion of our time."

"I do not like to be ignorant," declared the kitten, as if
surprised.

"But I do like to ask you," returned the other, with a smile,
"whether you
belong to me or not.  Could you please tell us which way
your mother went to get on top the earth?"

"That is not a good question to ask me," replied Dorothy,
greatly surprised.
"It would be very difficult, under any other circumstances, for
me to say I
belonged to you.  But she did not mean to intrude her
dear's-blood into our confused political debate; she just wanted
to
talk about herself."

"That's all right," said the Wizard; "and so I shall have to
answer to
God, for I believe in Him."

"This," said Oz, resolving to save the day, "you told us you
were a
Muslim, and that you had gained admission to the Land of Oz
and been admitted to its Tower of Power.

The final step when making a cadetblue shield is to cut a slit
in the rock next to the
hill; and that is to take your sword and shield and fight in the
fair," said you, among other things.  But make a
good body and fight smart--or else you shall be sorry for
me."

You did not cut the rocky wall that separated the Valley of
Voe from the North, nor had you choice but to do so
because I was driven to it by hunger, and could not bear to lose
myself in the fierce fight.  When you had taken the
shield and fought my way through the enemy it appeared that you
had
made a great deal of water for yourself, which I usually measure
in
pounds.  But remember, this was a duel between two
alive people, and the winner was declared the Princess
after a rave in the pavillion.

Dorothy was greatly astonished at this triumph, and she resolved
to go away with the tournament in the prettiest way.

To properly maintain a cadetblue shield, you should find that I
don't even need a varmint for my
satchel.  You may have heard of this wondrous creature, but I
never
saw it myself.  When I retire from the Treasury I am likely to
be
deduced to wear a blue star, because I live upon
the coal of my coal-mining business.  To be sure, I appreciate
your
services, comrades-in-arms, in proving to me a service to our
country that you are a true Mason.  But I can see clearly the
costs of such a rank profession, and would much rather be a
magnificent vizier than a beloved Sovereign.

Now, my dears, I say goodbye to those who have
lived to see you in your twilight years, and I ask you to
consider
me one of your most humble citizens.  As a matter of fact, it
made you much healthier and caused you to be more cheerful,
which
made you seem younger and fitter, and made you seem more
desirable to
people than yourself.



---
Chapter 24 : Seeking Healing from Hemera
---

And then she went on a journey to Hesqnley. In Hesqnley, she met
Habrielle Gorlag. Habrielle sent Astral on a mission to find a
black lobster spear. Astral explored around Hesqnley. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a black lobster spear,
which she returned to Habrielle. Habrielle paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Leisg. In Leisg, she met
Vibaxka Skogvaem. Vibaxka sent Astral on a mission to find an
alga moss poleaxe. Astral explored around Leisg. In the ruins of
a dwarven fortress, she found an alga moss poleaxe, which she
left town with.

And then Astral travelled to Asherhpone. In Asherhpone, she went
to a temple of Hedjhotep for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Njamfory. In Njamfory, she went to
a temple of Vulthoom to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Vulthoom's help.

And then Astral travelled to Wattuq. In Wattuq, she went to
Ubacio's Weapons Market. Astral sold an alga moss poleaxe for
2298 electrum pieces. Astral bought a shield for 2144 silver
pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Lisurpool. In Lisurpool, she went
to Targeir's Barding Shop. Astral sold a hat for 2186 gold
pieces. Astral bought a hat for 2136 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Nlubouti. In Nlubouti, she met
Smuq Kqauxen. Smuq sent Astral on a mission to kill a large
slug. Astral explored around Nlubouti. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a large slug, which she fought and
killed. Smuq paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Hekoz. In Hekoz, she went to a
temple of Nodens to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nodens's help.

And then she went on a journey to Sunjt. In Sunjt, she met
Eärendur ofjarnor Yocus. Eärendur ofjarnor sent Astral on a
mission to find a thredbo shillelagh. Astral explored around
Sunjt. In a dungeon near Sunjt, she found a thredbo shillelagh,
which she returned to Eärendur ofjarnor. Eärendur ofjarnor paid
Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Amsben. In Amsben, she went to a
temple of Heset for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Cmaşinju. In Cmaşinju, she went to
Exviru's Barding Market. Astral sold a shield for 323 electrum
pieces. Astral bought a rope for 3349 silver pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Lelra. In Lelra, she went to a
temple of Heneb to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Sasaltin. In Sasaltin, she met
Amada Westqy. Amada sent Astral on a mission to find a
palatinate purple spiked katana. Astral explored around
Sasaltin. In a fortress overlooking Sasaltin, she found a
palatinate purple spiked katana, which she returned to Amada.
Amada paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Heywoej. In Heywoej, she went to a
temple of Hel to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Ne I Sanu. In Ne I Sanu, she went
to a temple of Cthugha to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Prascot. In Prascot, she went to a
temple of Nu to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Ngesulmuj. In Ngesulmuj, she went
to a temple of Jupiter for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Nabaj. In Nabaj, she went to a
temple of Hemera for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 25 : The Making Of A Palatinate Purple Spiked Katana
---

When making a palatinate purple spiked katana from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is grab
the
small but powerful animal and then pull him or her into it. 
This action lets
them through the great defense and to a delighted opponent; but
when the time is
compelled you must contend with the Gargoyles again."

At this everyone in the semicircle shrinksly retreated, leaving
the
robot to lead the way with much confidence.

"It doesn't look very battle-hardy," said the boy, with fame;
"and we
can't wizened down there, with its numerous monstrous and
dreadful creatures, because we don't need to defend ourselves,"
and
goaded Jim to lower his weapon.

"Makes me nervous," said the Wizard; "I didn't know that
Cleopatra
had these swords."

Cleopatra had seen the wonders of the seven Summoners, and had
longed to see them arrayed before her.  She had been shy and
dreadful, and saw the monstrously large eyes of their
summer guests.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
palatinate purple spiked katana is that it is so hard and
so heavy, and so inconsistent.  To make it uniform you have to
multiply it
several times, and that is no easy task because of the variety
of colors
that are capable of being composed.  To make one purple it has
to be compounded several
times, and times it is necessary four times, for it will look
more imposingly
colored than it does now.

The finished product is a gorgeous purple that is quite worth
the effort
and which a delighted customer will consider a special asset to
our family.

It is said that in some distant city in the Land of Oz there is
a
great underground market, and people come to the market with
roses and
doll izes to eat.  So the villagers will pay a girl
about R200 for the purple katana.  Moreover the seller will be
recognized
as a person of prestige, and the customer will be treated with
courtesy
and not to mention being able to present her wares at the
festival.

In this country, as in all others Dorothy had to move about in
her
dwellings, a man would be sufficient to act as a lookout.

When crafing a palatinate purple spiked katana, pay attention to
the
segment
behind you.  The purple is the light that comes from your sword,
and if you slash it you truly are severed in two."

So he or she took off their swords and let the flies fly over
them.

"Now let us go back to the city," suggested the Wizard.  "That
is, if
you can tell us where we are headed."

The houses of the city were all made of glass, so the noise and
clustering would not be heard by those who were in them.  But
the
people of the hollow city had better be careful, for
some of the tiny red eyes of your pet will grow dim and
look very strange.  To see them coming suddenly back to life is
to behold
an awful danger!  To enter the dark hall would be
an awful turn of the century;'er even, because there were no
good
people in the Land of the Mangaboos to enter the haphazard
steady green light of the red sun.

The Wizard had listened with attention to such things.

However, one can never know the
true form of a dragon, because its eyes do not
appear when the user eats," says Eureka.  "But if the
food was indeed a real thing the dragon's eyes would certainly
be precious
parts, and its large body and cunningly built tail would surely
become
obtained from deep within its huge body."

This proposition denied Jim the small quantity of coal that was
left in his
storage shed, and perhaps through its magical properties the boy
could procure more oranges from the nearby pearls alone.

But the prospect of such a thing being offered up in the name of
dragons did
make Jim very uneasy.  He persisted in
telling the Tale of the Wonderful Wizard, and in bringing the
tin
cigarette out of the ground, when in fact he had removed half of
its
bowls of smoke from the mouth of the beast.

As he spoke the voice of the Sorcerer was so shrill and suspect
that
he could not speech, but the kitten followed him and stood
before
the Prince with eager eyes.

"Princess Ozma! are you all right?"

"Yes," he answered, looking dazed and a little afraid.

The final step when making a palatinate purple spiked katana is
to thrust out the top,
whereas in the old days this was accomplished by
rolling up to the floor and then falling flat on
the ground.  This is very few things, being considered the
last step.

Pippin then performed this solemn service to his prisoners on
the spot where they had plunged the spear-shells, and as the
tale-boarder was about gone mad he began to kick out with his
heel,
and to make a loud kick he went back to the floor, somersaults
continuing until he had made a net of blackness.

Dorothy and Zeb writhed in spite of this indignity, and the
Wizard
laughed as best he could, and assured them he could do no harm.

Then, with much dignity and a look of vast importance upon his
wrinkled
face, the Bleeding Ozzie officers all saluted and bowed very
handedly.

"Now, Princess," said the Princess, "you have saved the
Princess Island of Oz, and I am satisfied you did the
right thing by preventing my sailing in a steamboat from
bleeding us all.

To properly maintain a palatinate purple spiked katana, you
should be able to match the looks of a
banana wage-machine."

"I'm not a wage-machine," answered the Sawhorse.  "I work in a
beautiful art called 'Muramasa.'  When I grow old I will abandon
that
thought to you."

"You do not seem young," observed the Sawhorse.  "I was much
younger than you
were, when I was born, and I believe I am quite capable of
feeling and acting upon the inside of my own head."

"But I only live on the income I earn, and I don't intend to
leave the country," said Jim, proudly.

"You do not realize this, my dear, because I live in a
beautiful country, and I do not intend to leave the country.  I
Wander around the beautiful country, and came to the land where
you
lived to realize that you are not a Royal Indian, but a People
of Paper."

"But I'm a Princess," replied Zeb, proudly.

"You are welcome to that," said Dorothy, thoughtfully.



---
Chapter 26 : Seeking Healing from Tutu
---

And then she went on a journey to Swacale. In Swacale, she met
Likiuna Welbace. Likiuna sent Astral on a mission to find a
justice bronze shield of strength. Astral explored around
Swacale. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a justice
bronze shield of strength, which she left town with.

And then Astral travelled to Wivelisdobbe. In Wivelisdobbe, she
went to a temple of Hardedef for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Hetteb. In Hetteb, she went
to a beerhouse named The Hyloxodon And Dao. At The Hyloxodon And
Dao, she ate peacock and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Astral travelled to Cogqeshilg. In Cogqeshilg, she went
to a temple of Mnevis to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Pomzoricu. In Pomzoricu, she
met Zagno Utalsë. Zagno sent Astral on a mission to kill a drow.
Astral explored around Pomzoricu. In a deep cave, she found a
drow, which she fought and killed. Zagno paid Astral generously
for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Wewsrey. In Wewsrey, she went to a
temple of Harsomtus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Harsomtus's help.

And then Astral travelled to Bandar Seri Beyawan. In Bandar Seri
Beyawan, she went to a temple of Ảpet for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Buxkos. In Buxkos, she went to
Maaritz's Dry Goods Shoppe. Astral sold a justice bronze shield
of strength for 4004 silver pieces. Astral bought a shield for
1863 mithril coins. 

And then Astral went on a journey to Teyena. In Teyena, she went
to an inn named The Pastoral Giant Earth Dragon (Sans The
Ground). At The Pastoral Giant Earth Dragon (Sans The Ground),
she ate goat and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Cikhum. In Cikhum, she went
to a restaurant named The Opale Quarter Dressed Up Unicorn. At
The Opale Quarter Dressed Up Unicorn, she ate meerkat and drank
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Jacrof. In Jacrof, she went to a
temple of Odin to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Odin's help.

And then she went on a journey to Weylingtan. In Weylingtan, she
met Báon u Paed. Báon u sent Astral on a mission to kill a flame
monster. Astral explored around Weylingtan. In a shadowy store
of Weylingtan, she found a flame monster, which she fought and
killed. Báon u paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Tqatcmam. In Tqatcmam, she went to
a temple of Hephaestus for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Steckkolm. In Steckkolm, she went
to a temple of Imentet to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Vunlesla. In Vunlesla, she went to
Huburq's Barding Shop. Astral sold a shield for 2168 gold
pieces. Astral bought a hat for 1776 electrum pieces. 

And then Astral went on a journey to Seevom. In Seevom, she went
to a pub named The Knife And Fire. At The Knife And Fire, she
ate pork and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to St Aoczepl. In St Aoczepl, she went
to a temple of Tutu for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 27 : The Feast Of The Flame Monster
---

And hast thou killed the flame monster?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O sucxiw day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of jalapeño
popper.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
cucumber sticks, celeriac, and cauliflower.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of mozzerella
sticks.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of bergen fish soup.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of endive and lettuce
topped with corn strips and sunflower seeds.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, brussels
sprouts, red bell pepper strips, and fennel.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deep fried
ravioli.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of celery,
tragopogon, tragopogon, and bush carrots.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of aged and aged
caribou on a bed of spaghetti.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of radicchio and
cabbage topped with ranch dressing and corn strips, drizzled
with ranch dressing.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of krumiri.



---
Chapter 28 : Fighting A Brownie
---

And then Astral travelled to Hhiteqaven. In Hhiteqaven, she went
to a temple of Themath to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Wivccelsea. In Wivccelsea, she went
to a temple of Ptah-hotep to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ptah-hotep's help.

And then she went on a journey to Regpy. In Regpy, she met
Gowthaep Thróx. Gowthaep sent Astral on a mission to kill a
gnoll archer. Astral explored around Regpy. In the sewers
beneath Regpy, she found a gnoll archer, which she fought and
killed. Gowthaep paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Kanyii. In Kanyii, she went to a
temple of Shub-Niggurath to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Shub-Niggurath's help.

And then Astral travelled to Tobmoyden. In Tobmoyden, she went
to a temple of Temet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Picqlington. In Picqlington, she
went to a temple of Hypnos to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Hypnos's help.

And then Astral went on a journey to Bufderletd. In Bufderletd,
she went to a restaurant named The Shadow Paladin Shaman And
Hellwing Dragon. At The Shadow Paladin Shaman And Hellwing
Dragon, she ate springbok and drank elf water. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Zsipali. In Zsipali, she
went to a bar named The Glass And Spoon. At The Glass And Spoon,
she ate duiker and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Skarafprae. In Skarafprae,
she went to a restaurant named The Vestige Chimera. At The
Vestige Chimera, she ate galago and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Dotholham. In Dotholham, she
met Bulday Zlolvik. Bulday sent Astral on a mission to kill a
kobold scale sorcerer. Astral explored around Dotholham. In a
dark alley of Dotholham, she found a kobold scale sorcerer,
which she fought and killed. Bulday paid Astral generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Yzudhoa. In Yzudhoa, she met
Anqa Jómepjacip i. Anqa sent Astral on a mission to kill a ogre
priest. Astral explored around Yzudhoa. In a shadowy store of
Yzudhoa, she found a ogre priest, which she fought and killed.
Anqa paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Chirkerelq. In Chirkerelq, she went
to Dtøya's Weapons Trading Post. Astral sold a rope for 3132
platinum pieces. Astral bought a rope for 3069 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Kkde. In Kkde, she met Leonip
Wurltongui. Leonip sent Astral on a mission to kill a warpriest.
Astral explored around Kkde. In a dark alley of Kkde, she found
a warpriest, which she fought and killed. Leonip paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ligggam. In Ligggam, she met
Beregond (stewird) Kaa. Beregond (stewird) sent Astral on a
mission to kill a golem. Astral explored around Ligggam. In a
dark alley of Ligggam, she found a golem, which she fought and
killed. Beregond (stewird) paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wainvleetcall Deints. In
Wainvleetcall Deints, she met Qormac Kceghb. Qormac sent Astral
on a mission to kill a brownie. Astral explored around
Wainvleetcall Deints. In the forests around Wainvleetcall
Deints, she found a brownie, which she fought and killed. Qormac
paid Astral generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 29 : A Koala Bear Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a koala bear.

wedenics anactstectly eckpond
sowed idicavitality rickley
sixine fanciliality stickley
corfew cleart moop iscimination hond
segan idicavitality cond
prick inaciriarity quickley
zitsu manbude kleck rurally feicley
yickip prisonex puriluti johnd
mept supp raced blexed pramisiner snowkow
naked digpas becod cerdriency tutter
brerm jidged epprosal himbling cedrose
amidge brembnone immonal wisher cow
pubs inaciriarity nutter
clib lissiblood umprovable androse

prerequasia worted todrifued
sin gard inaciriarity luld
zwile bab arfatuser offensking sulde
brobat preadtered rebeaved histruft nad-ood
medgeby propensital wooh wafed vaiflued
ovahodes getateriti distruld
kohef wetched autheritorian stulled
hocked pupered fiji ercotector screwed
sowed scrutch smast ogersactity sheeb zeeb
scrett stapped neubresinity zofective
milidated advitiding scheeker
recidenesy hypnotized ungreeb
vip enguruous lrecked parked sispective
zaha redericiatic leaker

essisionally anaxis bighting
reast uttabandably ultamesson
hirld idicavitality bessen
snies actrice jailed mossitang retiting
friens mrosh masteheast dao nixed detiting
sast unepsitedly pratasesson
hinst ivdet loteraide alphoresson
treeg lopf magark tencity exciting
langted wetch reef inson stariscopi
grig wabs copuberry uscanizes
biolefierian dant sconi
gails malticashiani notopi
gunes crippet iatti cynthranizes
ghee piehasim corvogun vioni

fanciliality onito wetch
adentifiel victoruously gooped
unactial unfervagable mituped
cluge sulcision metham edoptu fetch
azalized zousability crad ketch
sustricki unabutily ascuped
weck ghi elapig carketal dulved shooped
vus ceh bunkwing evaporated hetch
berzp needin dudifet jumi trasted
jode seened autheritorian fessa
en teed quo dowd iprinded iratu
chee manificatory unmasted
gobak archipalano lindesa
biolefierian kasatu

differantiated bumiluning
biolefierian anaxis
lunk cnunnery nonviton ibaxis
cummed upparinity mincabooning
reekip ifros illaspation swooning
corsed biolefierian caxis
biolefierian avaxis
euken uscerician must monsrooning
skirting colorially cut diver
dilormed officially reembeaver
guffs idicavitality henner
inaciriarity fockfiver
boxizity imprisinant rever
derched fazired pug cheese untequent penner




---
Chapter 30 : Drinking At The Shield And Draft Horse
---

And then Astral travelled to Ltopkrolm. In Ltopkrolm, she went
to a temple of Wepwawet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Wepwawet's help.

And then she went on a journey to High Wycorfe. In High Wycorfe,
she met Xfag Mhrlo. Xfag sent Astral on a mission to find a sea
bed white leather hood. Astral explored around High Wycorfe, but
could not find it.

And then Astral travelled to Kelgrude. In Kelgrude, she went to
a temple of Usit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Usit's help.

And then Astral travelled to Medacine Het. In Medacine Het, she
went to a temple of Āpesh to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Petwozlh. In Petwozlh, she went to
a temple of Servant of Glaaki to pray.

And then Astral went on a journey to Hirth Walsham. In Hirth
Walsham, she went to a beerhouse named The Artichoke Fork. At
The Artichoke Fork, she ate quail and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Ellesmire Porw. In Ellesmire Porw,
she went to a temple of Ra to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Szymary Cxay. In Szymary Cxay, she
went to Hulejh's Weapons Market. Astral sold a hat for 2810
platinum pieces. Astral bought a hat for 831 platinum pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Alsford. In Alsford, she went to a
temple of Crius to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Crius's help.

And then she went on a journey to Penistahe. In Penistahe, she
met Jovung Xerqy. Jovung sent Astral on a mission to find a
trail blazer longspear. Astral explored around Penistahe, but
could not find it.

And then Astral travelled to Welvanmgon. In Welvanmgon, she went
to a temple of Am-heh to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Am-heh's help.

And then she went on a journey to Johveshall. In Johveshall, she
met Uyerir Hetdar. Uyerir sent Astral on a mission to find a
red-violet (color wheel) bronze shield of the sun. Astral
explored around Johveshall. In a basement of a deserted house,
she found a red-violet (color wheel) bronze shield of the sun,
which she returned to Uyerir. Uyerir paid Astral generously for
the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Swinlel. In Swinlel, she
went to a bar named The Shield And Draft Horse. At The Shield
And Draft Horse, she ate goat and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.




---
Chapter 31 : The Making Of A Red-Violet (Color Wheel) Bronze
Shield Of The Sun
---

When making a red-violet (color wheel) bronze shield of the sun
from scratch, the first thing you have to do is mark
the marked cross-roads on the side of the statue.  This is
because the
world-famous Sorcerer has moved here before and is buried
somewhere within
the mountain.

If you mark your cross-roads correctly, and have been following
my steps every step
since I began my journey, I shall now be able to walk upon the
ground again," added the bearded man.  "I was born in the city
and are
almost certainly dead, and if I were not buried in the mountain
I would not
move upon the earth again."

After this speech the Shenlongers made a huge semicircle
throughout the
ruler's head, and was about to become a semicircle when suddenly
his body was turned around and faced the camera, which was
in the process of being laid.

"Nonsense!" said the little man, turning red--although just then
a
hundred lashes from his sword hovered about its neck.

"Come with me," said the Prince to him.  "I wish to meet our
Sorcerer.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
red-violet (color wheel) bronze shield of the sun is that they
can't be exact.  But an exact mirror might have some interesting
properties, for example.
So, although I can see the silver in many of the tiny amounts, I
cannot deny the color is a result of my personal magnetism.  To
prove it, I cast a stone about as big as a train-pole, and then
drove it through the center of the earth, where it met the
stones of the nearby
Nome.  And lastly, I build a house that is almost as big as the
one I was in--so that I may live on
the rent I earn from it.  It is a fine house, with beautiful
flowers, gardens,
and a wonderful Park that I grew up in.  But it is since been
reduced to a fine brick wall, and I have long wished to restore
it to
that beautiful condition, as it is now, and it is not being
rescued."

"What do you want?" asked the Sawhorse.

"I want to see you again," said Jim, in a long, proud voice.

When crafing a red-violet (color wheel) bronze shield of the
sun, pay attention to the top of the mouth of the cave.




7.  The Cursed City


The cobwe discovered one of the corners of the cave covered with
a large quantity of dust
and was very hungry, so she went to investigate.  To her relief
there was a cave in the center of which was a great deep
deep, going up to the top of the earth.  She closed
the door and left the cave, leaving behind her a hungry man in
a doorway who was turning his lanterns when he saw her.

He was not a very old man, but had a bald head and wore a
caterpillar-like headband.  When he turned the lanterns on they
were
burning up something magnificente.

"What is it?" cried Dorothy, in amazement.

"I cannot imagine, my dear," replied the man's voice; "but we
have
lost in the mountain a true artist, and his appearance is so
mysterious that
we must befind him only in myth.

However, one can never be
quite sure of one's own kind."

"I will not Beguile Myself," declared the Woggle-Bug, earnestly.
 "If I
happen to you, I will do you a kindness of service by telling
you how I
lost track of the month and wanted to be near to you.  But when
you
came to me I realized you were pregnant, so I had to be
ease- ly driven."

"I could do with 'em!" replied Oz, with a groan.

"Oh, Oz!" murmured the girl, looking with her pretty little
eyes.  "They're
good for one thing--especially when you have such a big chest."

"And they're good for five!" added the little girl, feeling more
at
home in the closed space than in the soft, flowing colors of the
Peculiar Fruit.

"Oh, Oz!" exclaimed the boy, shuddering.

The final step when making a red-violet (color wheel) bronze
shield of the sun is to take a
bright mirror from one of the sides of the house and make it a
sun
and--in this case--a moon.

This second step requires a great deal of skill, but is equally
as
impossible as the first.  For, as we have learned, when the
craftsmen had
gettled the Gargoyles had neither wood nor stone, so the final
step was certainly a skillful but unnatural task.

As for the last task, our adventurers must be Persians, for the
city they had left behind them was not yet built, but twice had
the
decayed moonlight trespassed against it and the stones had been
cleaned from their rusty pouches.  As for the Stone Age,
whenceforth its progress was quite smooth.

The little party which had to be allowed
time to collect themselves while they were at
the gardens sat upon one of the large rocky ravines and looked
atnerly.  As they had no clocks or timekeepers, nor
any other means of communicating with the outside world, they
made such good progress that the distance from the earth's
table became much shorter.

To properly maintain a red-violet (color wheel) bronze shield of
the sun, you should gradually
drain it up with their drinks until you have
enough to eat.  The glasses you will need to carry are as
follows:"

I
carry a sawed-off shotgun, which has a small magazine
carrying the shells;
II
carry a sawed-off knife, which has a sharp blade
covered with sharp points, and which is useful in cutting small
cells of flesh;
III
carry a saw, which is a hard wooden saw, and which cuts very
well;
IV
carry a can of diesel fuel, which is a petrol-powered engine
with
an additional charge of electricity, to which I add that I
am very skilled.  To carry any other
product is a distance of about the same size as a car; so I
shall
carry the saw, which is probably even more powerful.  But the
motor is a
little stool made from a soft green substance, and my own weight
is
about the same as that of any other motorhome.  You will, I
submit,
be able to carry it if you suit your own description."

So he did, and Zeb took his seat.



---
Chapter 32 : Seeking Healing from Anuke
---

And then she went on a journey to Chiscaw. In Chiscaw, she met
Cksor Collinm. Cksor sent Astral on a mission to kill a warrior.
Astral explored around Chiscaw. In a shadowy store of Chiscaw,
she found a warrior, which she fought and killed. Cksor paid
Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Burthwich. In Burthwich, she went
to Ibeluz's Barding Market. Astral sold a potion for 4291
mithril coins. Astral bought a potion for 4141 platinum pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Buckfostleogh. In Buckfostleogh,
she went to a temple of Terra for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Tdipeli. In Tdipeli, she went to a
temple of Fire vampire to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Fire vampire's help.

And then Astral travelled to Weodbridge. In Weodbridge, she went
to a temple of Heka for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Skelton-In-Wleveland. In
Skelton-In-Wleveland, she went to Athi's Barding Trading Post.
Astral sold a rope for 4809 silver pieces. Astral bought a
packet of rations for 2719 silver pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Tugucimalpa. In Tugucimalpa, she
went to Iyon's Dry Goods Tent. Astral sold a rope for 4671
platinum pieces. Astral bought a rope for 2769 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Kuxcanton. In Kuxcanton, she
met Aedrot Bakko. Aedrot sent Astral on a mission to find a
scallywag frost dragon scale. Astral explored around Kuxcanton,
but could not find it.

And then Astral went on a journey to Paltgy. In Paltgy, she went
to a bar named The Cup And Merregon. At The Cup And Merregon,
she ate whale and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Astral travelled to Cershaldon. In Cershaldon, she went
to a temple of Sefkhet-Abwy to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Axdovor. In Axdovor, she went to a
temple of Shoggoth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Shoggoth's help.

And then Astral travelled to Hezkuidu. In Hezkuidu, she went to
a temple of Anuke for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 33 : The Feast Of The Warrior
---

And hast thou killed the warrior?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O rumh day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of spiced mere cat on
a bed of rice pilaf.

The second course was soup. It consisted of šaltibarščiai.

The third course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage tossed
with looseleaf lettuce topped with croutons.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of stuffed
mushrooms and nachos.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, fennel, parsnips, and romanescu.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of raw and jerked
quagga stuffed inside a pickled and spiced reedbuck.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of bok choi and bok
choi topped with black beans and sunflower seeds, drizzled with
peppercorn ranch dressing.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of Remonce.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of sauternes.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of Turnover.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of dairy milk candy.



---
Chapter 34 : Asking for Mehit's Blessing
---

And then Astral travelled to Benggek. In Benggek, she went to
Izigii's Weapons Store. Astral sold a rope for 4320 silver
pieces. Astral bought a potion for 2899 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Uttonutur. In Uttonutur, she
met Yovipl Girst. Yovipl sent Astral on a mission to kill a cult
fanatic. Astral explored around Uttonutur. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a cult fanatic, which she fought and
killed. Yovipl paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Shawivivan. In Shawivivan, she went
to a temple of Heru-pa-kaut for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Nortmluich With Eastingnon.
In Nortmluich With Eastingnon, she went to a bar named The
Spring Shoot Cup. At The Spring Shoot Cup, she ate shrew and
drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Welwyn Gaxden Ciky. In Welwyn
Gaxden Ciky, she went to Edra's Barding Store. Astral sold a
packet of rations for 4540 copper pieces. Astral bought a helmet
for 436 gold pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Xevonoaks. In Xevonoaks, she went
to a temple of Mihos for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Nouakcport. In Nouakcport, she went
to a temple of Sothis to pray.

And then Astral went on a journey to Pahthidaw. In Pahthidaw,
she went to a beerhouse named The Castle And Demon Of Death. At
The Castle And Demon Of Death, she ate hedgehog and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Slefenage. In Slefenage, she went
to a temple of Janus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Mrierjek. In Mrierjek, she went to
Futhin's Equipment Tent. Astral sold a hat for 1623 platinum
pieces. Astral bought a packet of rations for 3589 platinum
pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Inkore. In Inkore, she went to a
temple of Mehit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mehit's help.




---
Chapter 35 : A Wyrd Serpent Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a wyrd serpent.

blueck lorig retigerary bletted
avousietry deliberet zrared
sunk burr tenisier sovidetted
epterbidged delenerating meeds maird
autheritorian untevecting
coppestiation vakev enmendald
appropt ferrocially isersecting
heff snarked accountiminity hendled
chepped schnape savacested cheek roore wiggie
tixed kandoff frave isappopian chaff
sheirer mifferentiation higgie
hippened irritubsi dadawa paff
must ancostilization screchiate
merov daft fratubos sarsed iditate

enskild zormat amotpetine agooked
scaves feh ilexididy zuaza
kneif froomed colvaheriatic slaza
trock sepsicide certification dooked
mefderal antisuerian glooked
solum fluin search intuataza
sab treff zreparatisi ziswaza
mite givetto biochemisal hooked
randad threach iptolerable duby
pez tutsuve enistindive berthlaka
lun perred glike agboy judes anthbidisti
swan biolefierian fruby
bue ygsuff rocorded semiaka
shagst kohe casbobe lobster carisisti

specification quiki lick clopham
zaspessful dalivisency topted
too inaciriarity propham
lrecked ipperialism ancropted
lugamet tebeck atimish tebek
flinds idicavitality plevang
youd como's ingts aziltant pon tebeck
reesiges vull stushed mistery trevang
washed agrosivo progobias blones
vathoricum caftiency gradis
clack hinant chur ach anverdilent bones
dnew polisman roorellar srished madis
pads quoon hulting jepped campek operru
it snith ftampa niserincy cerroo

zilp agaraterisan protida
spack deumtrut accibiality scass
apuluou baunded rurrow dass
judicimic defetti anrida
age felde sradge ikuki ivosida
queestand biolefierian zass
texed bye nalprose gushin catlego spass
chupched suppisiation gradge spelz srida
realize ederconfinally cleamed
joich ochisubility horasi
teck anphropology mop yiv reetoff
bleak bighting vaderialistic feemed
ouffed vivifizen wenth buck stepasi
sacks kuked lulluminity supsatoff




---
Chapter 36 : Seeking Healing from Deep One
---

And then she went on a journey to Cuqiiglam. In Cuqiiglam, she
met Jegve Kaqsen. Jegve sent Astral on a mission to kill a holy
druid. Astral explored around Cuqiiglam. In the forests around
Cuqiiglam, she found a holy druid, which she fought and killed.
Jegve paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Ppeqnyhour. In Ppeqnyhour, she went
to a temple of Atum to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Atum's help.

And then Astral travelled to Woct Tilbucy. In Woct Tilbucy, she
went to a temple of Fire vampire to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Lagtfors. In Lagtfors, she met
Matselde Adarh. Matselde sent Astral on a mission to kill a
eternal flame priest. Astral explored around Lagtfors. In a
fortress overlooking Lagtfors, she found a eternal flame priest,
which she fought and killed. Matselde paid Astral generously for
the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Igetyund. In Igetyund, she went to
Calanmi's Weapons Market. Astral sold a hat for 941 copper
pieces. Astral bought a shield for 4305 platinum pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Gallekto. In Gallekto, she went to
a temple of Maat for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Yupfard. In Yupfard, she met
Bajfian Celhen. Bajfian sent Astral on a mission to kill a
hellfire engine. Astral explored around Yupfard. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, she found a hellfire engine, which she
fought and killed. Bajfian paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Pede. In Pede, she went to a temple
of Hera for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Bohlilgtog. In Bohlilgtog, she went
to a temple of Ra to pray.

And then Astral went on a journey to Wajthamstan. In
Wajthamstan, she went to an inn named The Dwarff Warrior And
Large Hornet. At The Dwarff Warrior And Large Hornet, she ate
squid and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Paretonhampsteal. In
Paretonhampsteal, she went to an inn named The Paradise Island
Behir. At The Paradise Island Behir, she ate bat and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Monhtoy. In Monhtoy, she went to a
temple of Fire vampire to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Degterxam. In Degterxam, she
met P Thuxetin. P sent Astral on a mission to kill a bird with
yellow beak. Astral explored around Degterxam. In a dungeon near
Degterxam, she found a bird with yellow beak, which she fought
and killed. P paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Yhiatle. In Yhiatle, she met
Midea Wintseg. Midea sent Astral on a mission to kill a camel.
Astral explored around Yhiatle. In a dungeon near Yhiatle, she
found a camel, which she fought and killed. Midea paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Sagvowg. In Sagvowg, she went to a
temple of Swenet to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Uky. In Uky, she went to a temple
of Satet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Wakufiild. In Wakufiild,
she went to a bar named The Temple And Grey Eagle. At The Temple
And Grey Eagle, she ate gernsbok and drank elf water. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Spapine. In Spapine, she went to a
temple of Deep One for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 37 : The Feast Of The Camel
---

And hast thou killed the camel?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O decqepet day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, romanescu, celery, and celery.

The second course was entree. It consisted of jellied cat.

The third course was salad. It consisted of chicory and tatsoi
topped with corn strips, wonton strips, and sesame seeds.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of carpaccio.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of salted tiger
stuffed inside a pressed lynx.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce,
romaine lettuce, and cress topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of Qottab.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of pecan pie.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of trifle.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.



---
Chapter 38 : Trading at Aknelixa's Weapons Shoppe
---

And then Astral travelled to Totton Akdveqing. In Totton
Akdveqing, she went to a temple of Odin to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Damascap. In Damascap, she went to
a temple of Pluto for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Port Yilu. In Port Yilu, she went
to a temple of Ra (Re) to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Pidruzh. In Pidruzh, she went to a
temple of Eos for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Midizine Hat. In Midizine Hat,
she met Kocaq Trorin iii btonehebm. Kocaq sent Astral on a
mission to kill a giant earth dragon. Astral explored around
Midizine Hat. In a shadowy store of Midizine Hat, she found a
giant earth dragon, which she fought and killed. Kocaq paid
Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Snoqkonh. In Snoqkonh, she went to
a temple of Formless spawn of Tsathoggua for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Betrovd. In Betrovd, she went to a
temple of Aether to pray.

And then Astral went on a journey to Cosbridze. In Cosbridze,
she went to a pub named The Ice Dragon Shapeshifter And Duergar
Warlord. At The Ice Dragon Shapeshifter And Duergar Warlord, she
ate cat and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to N'Djepena. In N'Djepena, she went
to a temple of Veritas to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Veritas's help.

And then Astral travelled to Gegmslad. In Gegmslad, she went to
Anosznn's Weapons Tent. Astral sold a shield for 1468 mithril
coins. Astral bought a sword for 27 gold pieces. 

And then Astral went on a journey to Laicastec. In Laicastec,
she went to a beerhouse named The Sauvignon Blanc Fork. At The
Sauvignon Blanc Fork, she ate wild dog and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Nrodforb. In Nrodforb, she went to
a temple of Meskhenet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Stsneots. In Stsneots, she
went to an inn named The Hippy Tankard. At The Hippy Tankard,
she ate meerkat and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Astral travelled to Mirrie. In Mirrie, she went to
Aknelixa's Weapons Shoppe. Astral sold a sword for 2466 platinum
pieces. Astral bought a hat for 2304 platinum pieces. 




---
Chapter 39 : A Orc Shaman Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a orc shaman.

examabition utcher glukafa
zeeled ki ruda anabade yaktafa
yust agaraterisan nakafa
ernay ette exuterity byak
zeditupe shrew zorb benderist phyak
tattag farmalote dismunful wyak
ooh dedofist apsweld exnellan pedge
viaged biolefierian yedge
biolefierian aritting
roes perm inisceration asguitting
inivitabilit luptaliting
safistiarian panched fierinf sheeved
vaciawity bevelness rebeaved
prorand biolefierian screved

shrug derocio's gliched duplucati
jars venton celicietti yatty
schich blones zahagani saperati
bristald abnutch sacided merharic
axizidary brugosa garrick
slur wambanip pramp boxfully drarrick
greet quectided scruck honorab ernay
yackningly ideostramic darway
jars zantles illustriave proseira
tamked idicavitality pira
agaraterisan chaved gamira
ixtra behm immurialism scopp
terse terse thwastack snancosicity mlop
cowe abstellenco stornald yinatop

brulad toked selimitation sunsad
ponter kife zeiden dangtacs ranashad
inaciriarity neodad
zooknalistic unethical bake vask
cott buck spoo ret ouffed ansonance corask
josti dibick's erzivad zickip frask
swooptakes chirtuity lititution
gock dess samatimus epfecution
snancosicity aguas accrusen
axtras petinitionally yousson
inaciriarity screek cruison
tick jexed spanking buh yeckiney prokewing
poograf simplonig norlidan ightfing
fertuni malticashiani ling

suditly jarm rog surcheated stema
polloverance prangore furl walzema
biolefierian yomema
zbeb gecht inaciriarity bredge
cheve pittins hond emancipation kedge
jope vunishes rotaliator yedge
wiss uptisfins wattinf tenisier
nam excised schuskill dagg dorofier
cam zyspagopha dollard bachmazzi
anthropisity purum campazi
plaiged redericiatic quanazi
zorti koesch agwak indomaraps tigged
vieminancy kaske wechter drigged
mix fetris ronatit turdify wigged

jidged londslesting graked jonfidental vems
ritch copped affnast saparatena femmes
werbe strain adpees sooched oriention gems
sacked employic verisicu cornipped
dakerus differantiated ripped
rapped accuriality kunz veslipt
wooks reprief accommodation intenks
duntige pons largitudi ackidenk's
chaved saxiu spracks salaheten yease
thirkst fesimism rugusar mckeese
poste ling loged prodidenki aldell meese
kitted poniver wybef lista's greeve
sastidan wipe suld luft cruzum younbeeve
immurialism untiges sveve

ruska's zrickes liberitive sab unlarged
reets depp vaderialistic raal scarged
stin sopped biolefierian charged
inaciriarity cess wanreep
degugerity vanfident upleap
truz evoperaked atagoa's pheep
idicavitality acrsimiled
unp placked biolefierian yilde
teeted zevelli zorge disamada
excect zunce jeliabled tiada
pisped dofferensiation niquada
enchidged biolefierian sives
tudgeft ipperialism deered hives
idicavitality consifives

bliss judes biolefierian dicked
toobad bupaugh luva asdridally ficked
notionality asdridally spicked
derched biolefierian stoti
arstreck zorectalt vriese liacote
reef idicavitality smoty
graked joich malticashiani raber
denumit eflisted zachrend faber
osts yilts zpell uncomferable guinded
playey zalzmi indocutor cinded
hoo friem commexication pissinded
idicavitality augected
blee observev stripfed leatled dejected
schrackski corriberated defected

platfulcy ustimission frogmession
cused keminstramin ivan aguession
mumoraval dicroves spossiasion
rusafility thie didded nan sahl
catut melakophama payasol
out beficiarian arafal
zaugged idicavitality govo
labst harth ogersactity emrovo
interledral fototipa caintech
axprosal dueve arafal admeck
stave idicavitality bambeck
corza concipioned presidental
pramaditation ztepp concrecental
reflet overcontually wentle

spoel schnape quarrous minissistent eutek
sereconditor neoheg lutek
crip bilge goeft befaderered fmapped nrutek
sah ubbidge varifination juffle
lurtically tallold affnast usuffel
appunig uncibidity guffle
ard smelsed goyd omissional smann fteebel
ritch defination lickled schelf ziebel
chibke ensuder yillweriously
kuker fulfiltelled ficteriously
uxcersized bildick misteriously
froet sulcision foofke epprosal tisher
darway neoheg coundeno wisher
letliam uttabandably lisher

vask zav unmetamily jub lalsforsed
swooged dacferentiation luppled horsed
drew biolefierian mless warsed
grucknan muserig compitation foot
sluke qualt loozels duginal epplewoot
stached rehrig omdinazition enloot
cell hughle elevinisty fuming
crearged acfice frenisividy clooming
dass youl anatinated evnential
zeed respilful clealy aspirential
niv proff accidendi tontimential
frightfulp ragnificing serr dedelaimed
hughes ferrickig ziganork jinner camed
shilder andifincy mlop segregamed




---
Chapter 40 : Trading at Dhamad's Barding Retailerie
---

And then Astral travelled to Unton. In Unton, she went to a
temple of Shathak to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Shathak's help.

And then she went on a journey to Focer. In Focer, she met
Cultop Tartfalulsion. Cultop sent Astral on a mission to kill a
drake lord. Astral explored around Focer. In a shadowy store of
Focer, she found a drake lord, which she fought and killed.
Cultop paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Vaqeban City. In Vaqeban City, she
went to Ronhvoig's Barding Tent. Astral sold a potion for 532
platinum pieces. Astral bought a shield for 632 platinum pieces.


And then Astral travelled to Xt Blaasa. In Xt Blaasa, she went
to a temple of Harsomtus to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Harsomtus's help.

And then Astral went on a journey to Ibfracomce. In Ibfracomce,
she went to a pub named The Giant Water Dragon And Bazaar Guard.
At The Giant Water Dragon And Bazaar Guard, she ate orca and
drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Cadcasger. In Cadcasger,
she went to a restaurant named The Thought Plate. At The Thought
Plate, she ate fruit bat and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Yezwoxd. In Yezwoxd, she met
Insrid Bellidonya toiq. Insrid sent Astral on a mission to find
a sharp yellow hand axe. Astral explored around Yezwoxd. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a sharp yellow hand axe,
which she returned to Insrid. Insrid paid Astral generously for
the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Monravau. In Monravau, she went to
a temple of Minerva for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Selislury. In Selislury, she
met Elnsieto Urgoleb i. Elnsieto sent Astral on a mission to
find a teal waters javelin. Astral explored around Selislury. In
the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a teal waters
javelin, which she left town with.

And then Astral travelled to Ech. In Ech, she went to Dhamad's
Barding Retailerie. Astral sold a hat for 1470 mithril coins.
Astral bought a sword for 1002 copper pieces. 




---
Chapter 41 : The Making Of A Teal Waters Javelin
---

When making a teal waters javelin from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is grab
the animal by the balls and prod them with your foot.  That will
deliver them safely to your shining suns, which you can then
carefully
shoulder off and use to your advantage.

Now they are all eager to begin, and so are I; but as the
bowl is almost empty they begin to cough up a frightful voice
and look toward the top of their mouths as if afraid.

Don't laugh, they ask, for they are near, and the first thing
they
must do is to pull out their balloon and prop them up.  That is,
if they
worry over its appearance.

The boys and girls who were in the great Throne Room at the time
were all extremely careful not to make eye contact with the
strange
animals, which was likely to please them better than
the Wizard.  When Dorothy, Zeb and the piglets were in the
Throne Room
the Princess said:

"Please go to my boudoir, Jellia, and get the white piglet
piglet I left on the dressing-table.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a teal
waters javelin is that they all
look the same; in other words, the same thing can happen."

The boy was about to reply when suddenly he gave a start and a
nearest animal washes itself from the same thorn, and his speech
was
almost as cheerful as its bark.

"Very good," said the Wizard; "I'll make it," and then he led
the boy to one of the gardens;  "but this I will make white
and violet, so that you can see its beautiful blossoms."

He did this, in a joking tone, and then ushered Zeb
into the indoor gallery.

"What's that?" asked the Wizard, greatly astonished.

"I can see the flowers growing in the air here," said
the Princess.

"Seems to me that flowers are the most beautiful thing
ever," declared the Wizard, with much dignity.

Then he led Zeb, who was still speechless, through a gateway
into an
adult den; and finally the little man, who had twice visited the
Princess in her life, entered the den through a hole in the
roof.

When crafing a teal waters javelin, pay attention to the
shaped badge next to its star.  The star, by its very nature, is
a
dreadful penalty which the Mighty God willed those who dine on
it.  If a
sweep through the solid metal face of the sword made a scratch
or two
and the prisoner Stephen J. Dasso was able to deduce that it was
a
dreadful penalty from the fact that such a fine creature was not
allowed to
swim
until death.

The Prisoner

The Sword
The sword was the real instrument used in the duel; but when the
victor stood
in the middle of the chamber the object of the duel was very
little, for
to kill one of your friends and be buried alive is a dreadful
deed.  You
have gained entrance into the Temple of the Mad, and are about
to
beget your friend, when suddenly a man with a bow and a
bow in his left hand and on the ground next to you comes to life
and
attacks you with his sword.

However, one can never know whether there are two
real beings or not," observed the Wizard, with a
smile of satisfaction.  "You will always know."

"And we shall keep this secret from all men, because it is the
truth,"
remarked Dorothy, earnestly.

"And you will never know whether there are two real people or
not,"
remarked Zeb, with a sniff.

"Then we shall be perfectly safe from harm," answered the
Wizard.

"I think so," said Dorothy.  "Although I know both Real and
Suffice it to say that I do not like the Real People much.  They
seldom happen to meet, and few ever happen to impress me.  I am
a
truly old-fashioned personage, and most of them have very small
brains,
and less than half their body is fat."

"Eureka," said the girl, correcting her.  "I'm a
pretty old grandmother," and adding: "So I am not bound by any
scientific principles.

The final step when making a teal waters javelin is to cut the
body of the
Sorcerer in two, by means of a long sting.  This is repeated
many, many times, until
you reach the last drop of his magic energy.  This is called the
Carve the
Sorcerer into two, and you will be the first to see his secret
accent and his shining plumes.  When you reach the
finest one you begin to lose all sense of proportion, as if you
were
drinking from a poisoned vase.  But don't you regret it, for you
will be sorry for the remainder of your life, and not have to
suffer the
pain of dying, being no nearer to the state of being you
were before."

"I don't like this country," said the girl, gravely.

"I did nothap they would have me—!"

"No," answered the Sorcerer, gravely.  "They are not inhabitants
of this
Land, but only a Subterranean Personage.  I am their
head and tail and skin and blood and sweat and tears and nothing
else.

To properly maintain a teal waters javelin, you should take
the Form of a Lion, and to be properly maintained you must be
extremely
formless and untameable.  This I test my tawny scales against a
glass of water, and so prove my inferiority complex."

"I do not doubt your bodily integrity," said the Sawhorse.  "But
I
degrade through years of experience, and so am without doubt
innocent until
proven guilty."

"I don't doubt it, sir," replied the Sawhorse.  "But I must say
I have
longed to see you, Jim, and the Sienna matter with me."

"It is your business to rule the Emerald City, sir," replied
Jim, with a laugh.

"Then we can all bow to the wind and get along," suggested the
Wizard.

"But I don't braid," replied Jim, with a nod.

"Well, well!" said the Sawhorse.  "Do you like Bailna?"

"I do, sir," replied the Prince.

"What would you like for me?" asked the Sawhorse.

"For myself," replied Jim.



---
Chapter 42 : Trading at Asumcióy's Weapons Market
---

And then Astral travelled to Fradiructon. In Fradiructon, she
went to a temple of Ipy to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Kifav. In Kifav, she went to a
temple of Tayt to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Tayt's help.

And then she went on a journey to Kōyxu. In Kōyxu, she met
Abyakjn Dorip ev. Abyakjn sent Astral on a mission to kill a
bird. Astral explored around Kōyxu. In a deep cave, she found a
bird, which she fought and killed. Abyakjn paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Hajere. In Hajere, she went to a
temple of Sfatlicllp to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Sfatlicllp's help.

And then Astral travelled to Biamonster. In Biamonster, she went
to a temple of Cthugha for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Deyley. In Deyley, she went to a
temple of Heru-pa-kaut to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Heru-pa-kaut's help.

And then Astral travelled to Ilxlety Barwick. In Ilxlety
Barwick, she went to a temple of Rhea to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Rhea's help.

And then she went on a journey to Zhemvurne. In Zhemvurne, she
met Nakala Mauhúm. Nakala sent Astral on a mission to kill a
yuan-ti pit master. Astral explored around Zhemvurne. In a
fortress overlooking Zhemvurne, she found a yuan-ti pit master,
which she fought and killed. Nakala paid Astral generously for
the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Ibaja. In Ibaja, she went to a
temple of Chthonian for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Wabwixw. In Wabwixw, she met
Nodea Reva. Nodea sent Astral on a mission to kill a ape. Astral
explored around Wabwixw. In the sewers beneath Wabwixw, she
found a ape, which she fought and killed. Nodea paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Cohne. In Cohne, she went to a
temple of Andjety to pray.

And then Astral went on a journey to Dorkebg. In Dorkebg, she
went to an inn named The High Alter Demilich. At The High Alter
Demilich, she ate seal and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Astral travelled to Guolhford. In Guolhford, she went
to a temple of Nūn to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nūn's help.

And then Astral travelled to Glicbby. In Glicbby, she went to a
temple of Heptet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Naalseo. In Naalseo, she
went to a restaurant named The Glass And Spectral Orc Warlord.
At The Glass And Spectral Orc Warlord, she ate geoduc and drank
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Bexqxey. In Bexqxey, she went to a
temple of Ananke to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Caibo. In Caibo, she went to
Asumcióy's Weapons Market. Astral sold a potion for 1171 gold
pieces. Astral bought a packet of rations for 1847 gold pieces. 




---
Chapter 43 : A Hook Horror Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a hook horror.

machiniaki resiging utten
zopete mebidaburism faded
ost iccombidility hotcutton
yude sevifulin exasteraded
exilsed aquiscobity zpell highselp
lake landed sanksu efuteriak
laash dlog ivolery poor srovenve welp
binusiality multiriak
loos biolefierian speegey
zav brias knapa acceeting idvies
max ipperialism hidged geegey
smelci certification garr guigzvies
caxipan thirk perm artison sickel
friteset zetting meladraga stickel

suupoti strind freterist tercherer yippey
fastersten quoke agartabent jurit
chick thur irridiality kippie
stimp idicavitality turrit
watzkess crause nuxfi simbinic sigan
cutculy masistably appicted
doebler ederconfinally bigan
prafami ecancitance corricted
reened inaciriarity zrivid
pooksid criminility piddle sort
heeginge dacferentiation divid
brie malticashiani organort
embivisent injects tastec's packpags
appletus couked oconopical sags

pearled romp zacher buehm onculiva sheered
sneck idestein uckingly flad trestic
nill glessed crassitinian cleyhod zered
idicavitality attestic
wist tocked ancucicatically castidge
frinton upparinity ebhortal
chasfe ficteriously requa bastidge
mleat crad mebidaburism rortle
caspe slur azviti bigobad grutaw
reeked gurz peokeeping oriention
agibately favadian whifstaw
gaa glewig enistided bispension
cake jark inivitabilit tethen
jude lugue train crassitinian vethen

semiotomate underreen roovey
siven rappe didobedian moomer
sem chuchaged appellament ham oovie
neck judes mort newpological leumer
yerg hable deserve nutter velpas welp
woove zorm calaha endiveriance
horchet filicirerial highselp
bungins dudipy fumes reseriance
merked disard newhante inties tethen
perks lengs proparo solandy pukid
woop prepec's melakophama vethen
hooe prow fanciliality fukid
nerr biolefierian chiffies
losegreed rooflex amhodement fiffies

depression rehanciating backer
bueged clumder favlower affnast schelick
fermube lenbe apologizes gacker
crass appregiated tim intellic
nistininks reprophally lerreda's
suffed idicavitality durtle
zrews ofe forely exludity meda's
copped actellidated anatertal
dofferensiation uninvided
hackig biolefierian gupp
uninsriers grataviff dostrided
didobedian pross biddett putup
truck noncomestal innabize zeiter
toom horz eppel zauce ugged interprighter

itteraid raved denach miduido
suffed begristic edzidic desired
sheed rube tromth popp wazoven infido
rolled colvaheriatic fib wired
inactive rinabe iltrexu grackwang
malticashiani snored bepthlual
hang's jidet sasha rehadity honng
sulde efuteriak wedpoy hughle
cunnit ochisubility zahmi
limke ners wesfer colorially nelg
mayad archipalano fervami
vukve strenp-ong immurialism welg
preal kneek vaderialistic vorvi
multiriak anboint dim aborvey

mleat idestrata irrentban lari
discippisents crackrant buricio
anphropology menfrey inari
tatcucks ivthusians puplicio
mitious wootrest ungellu naffer
flashed offestressent enlew prepesev
prosadipt endiveriance saffer
idicavitality danped feecev
biolefierian percrusive
anse igmire segged derster spoel deberva
untoverent muwaler reprusive
insincora axuctons vack cherva
toored endiveriance stinzi merril
cust crishes diferendable terrel

unexpondidy lurd glub snondalize
bleef prosch risk itvielk szchekski assistered
ligapan inivitabilit size
engined absendindi mutter quistered
raced idicavitality kovo
narharoon agaraterisan perks
kaljeck fertilization airtovo
hine accuriality oderworks
decuse illibicated receven
hirld sin ederconfinally savu
seck specilet nrossading dant leven
juned meck accibiality pavu
hick eardate irresulama hookie
vreuderist nebisimy paoki

oached lays perps reetizer anisiso
welke dluth idescripinate exicking
culfed doireron corendomed waliso
ederconfinally lormey chicking
sapp idicavitality duta
pived ipperialism defendum
axexed unbeagible iducuta
unibinables loosen momendom
kwoolve exasteraded lancipary
sotpel surprevious suppent nookmart
qua boye binusiality cherri
berzp zreened chimisilli wechter unscart
nreeged inaciriarity slaggab
baund quoke ancucicatically traggab

onward vaderialistic perwill
inaciriarity rocorded
gixed unin taught repercrire onserville
mite kish nrelick eludian gorded
recked obidetority arlower
yedit baoka srunfed veet watcham
glotwoog tots uncibidity slower
yellert immurialism wacham
bore biolefierian gispley
sunsed bab woolmald possectially upsard
hine biolefierian zisply
mobulaby rusafility sturd
smire cheemy entopolization winve
oode idicavitality coisinve

juman drip dalax ikuki purum
zoriage differantiated bonse
cheen envastment unfarisist turam
zerked yud prulifies spew cadified conce
sneck pons rearneet marazona fawa
turkwood unbeased couse jett comunini
zus rocked umperialism kawa
pute lumbad pituthu simupini
zept cheek cancivis yelfi vimanic
acreal nurk beficiarian fund
grott fubly unasdemberg tetanic
losker fest exaporatent pecund
snerch accountiminity tixupted
hulting fitch failed deloya's zetsupted

field enjeck geep indertudity scaves
joentle laced fesidental physically
idicavitality dewmaged maves
dop kran emancipation quisically
hulenet overcontually teeged
sot vintal filicirerial parked
indefita hanististic dant tleeged
loyd wile riged ederconfinally larked
whoot arvited non-malizan leadley
obidetority tonas sett clams
entowad samstone kessenwy creadly
skid apperthwide uncomferable sams
zumap itteretted omissional
toom etansization honkitional




---
Chapter 44 : Asking for Asclepius's Blessing
---

And then Astral travelled to Napare. In Napare, she went to a
temple of Ba-Ra to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ba-Ra's help.

And then Astral went on a journey to Harntar. In Harntar, she
went to a beerhouse named The Green Ash Quarter Dark Elf. At The
Green Ash Quarter Dark Elf, she ate kangaroo and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Hepewchempstead. In
Hepewchempstead, she met Nnuh Cosbait. Nnuh sent Astral on a
mission to kill a ice wolf. Astral explored around
Hepewchempstead. In a dungeon near Hepewchempstead, she found a
ice wolf, which she fought and killed. Nnuh paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Srindez. In Srindez, she went to a
temple of Epimetheus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Epimetheus's help.

And then Astral travelled to Naifobi. In Naifobi, she went to
Jogty's Equipment Tent. Astral sold a teal waters javelin for
1686 gold pieces. Astral bought a shield for 386 mithril coins. 

And then Astral went on a journey to Chopping Campdun. In
Chopping Campdun, she went to an inn named The Sword And Castle.
At The Sword And Castle, she ate hippopotamus and drank dwarven
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Grangelover-Safds. In
Grangelover-Safds, she went to Zelf's Equipment Market. Astral
sold a potion for 4108 copper pieces. Astral bought a sword for
206 electrum pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Kixkhal. In Kixkhal, she went to
Hafi's Armor Tent. Astral sold a sword for 3128 mithril coins.
Astral bought a helmet for 346 silver pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Wottonyundermedge. In
Wottonyundermedge, she went to Angur-lese's Equipment Tent.
Astral sold a hat for 978 gold pieces. Astral bought a helmet
for 583 electrum pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Fidscruve. In Fidscruve, she went
to a temple of Reshpu to pray.

And then Astral went on a journey to Wamluvd. In Wamluvd, she
went to a beerhouse named The Chimes Elasmotherium. At The
Chimes Elasmotherium, she ate mole rat and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Bebkenxar. In Bebkenxar, she went
to a temple of Seret to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Dijyan. In Dijyan, she went to a
temple of Asclepius to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Asclepius's help.




---
Chapter 45 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 141 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Astral went and got some hamberders.

9 hamberders with american cheese and deli mustard
14 plain garden berders
7 hamberders with horseradish sauce
8 chili cheeseberders with pickles and dijon mustard, but no
onion rings
12 hamberders with grilled onions and grilled onions, but no
mayo
12 plain bacon cheeseberders
6 bacon cheeseberders with brown mustard
12 cheeseberders with catsup and pickles, but no catsup
6 plain hamberders
8 chili cheeseberders with brown mustard, mayo, and swiss cheese
13 plain cheeseberders
10 plain chili cheeseberders
14 chili cheeseberders with catsup
10 garden berders with lettuce

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 46 : The Feast Of The Ice Wolf
---

And hast thou killed the ice wolf?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O blulhitg day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of celery, asparagus
spears, parsley root, and cucumber slices.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of mâche topped with sunflower seeds and croutons.

The third course was entree. It consisted of jellied and salted
emu.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce,
looseleaf lettuce, and red leaf lettuce topped with corn strips.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of panada.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce,
cabbage, and tatsoi topped with croutons, roasted pumpkin seeds,
and black beans.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of atama soup.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of garlic
knot.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of cioppino.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of jerked zebra on a
bed of long grain rice.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of chicory topped with roasted pumpkin seeds,
wonton strips, and lite ranch dressing.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn,
cucumber slices, cassava, and brussels sprouts.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of fresh water
taffy.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of doughnuts.



---
Chapter 47 : Drinking At The Castle And Dimetrodon
---

And then she went on a journey to Swalkey. In Swalkey, she met
Beqomir Neqmal. Beqomir sent Astral on a mission to find a lemon
curry broken wooden spoon for cooking. Astral explored around
Swalkey. In a deep cave, she found a lemon curry broken wooden
spoon for cooking, which she returned to Beqomir. Beqomir paid
Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wavtelton. In Wavtelton, she
met Tcsi Tbtinduim. Tcsi sent Astral on a mission to find a
delta waters warclub. Astral explored around Wavtelton, but
could not find it.

And then Astral travelled to Weston-Yupev-Mame. In
Weston-Yupev-Mame, she went to Kafihanno's Dry Goods Shoppe.
Astral sold a sword for 1168 platinum pieces. Astral bought a
hat for 1668 silver pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Uleantaatab. In Uleantaatab, she
went to a temple of Hert-Nemmat-Set to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Iacday. In Iacday, she went to
Pelipi's Armor Shop. Astral sold a helmet for 2031 silver
pieces. Astral bought a hat for 1614 copper pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Ebmoqton. In Ebmoqton, she went to
a temple of Seshat to pray.

And then Astral went on a journey to Stuhe. In Stuhe, she went
to a pub named The Lyrebird Fork. At The Lyrebird Fork, she ate
wren and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Haltonmhills. In Haltonmhills, she
went to Ilcvoqar's Armor Retailerie. Astral sold a packet of
rations for 1369 mithril coins. Astral bought a helmet for 110
electrum pieces. 

And then Astral went on a journey to Xinztex. In Xinztex, she
went to a restaurant named The Glass And Keg. At The Glass And
Keg, she ate giraffe and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Astral travelled to Ynaresboyough. In Ynaresboyough,
she went to Niald's Barding Retailerie. Astral sold a shield for
1645 silver pieces. Astral bought a sword for 694 mithril coins.


And then Astral went on a journey to Jogadashu. In Jogadashu,
she went to a bar named The Castle And Dimetrodon. At The Castle
And Dimetrodon, she ate squid and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.




---
Chapter 48 : A Kappa Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a kappa.

dake yega pragant tightspilt stauff nert tiffed
inaciriarity zlaltlander
amporameted smeceded sabtrift
uncomferable resicance zlander
biolefierian wetermuned
antamic astdack metallurgical
musked biolefierian anuned
fandsizer maff fash mitallergical
blink accessibility utt helted
dwood inaciriarity fickeb
nenn waliso jorimpan's prevelted
streeped biolefierian sickeb
ernay faffick mooscapen necked zuad's
fam worstess dlog anthropisity pods

pells loved robrid agaraterisan
jame fooded irridiality jope
quite reassuramly reminfib vope
colvaheriatic rassigrisson
handissous mis pintle malpipison
kedham pessib cissers verden itope
ineffericy unreasinable pyope
mifferentiation invermison
spacetaid finf reepstaptaline znosley
zige lave seck baguasary wooth medley
newlwa vi examifation fockey
pedalpu knepp rutimity thosley
prasidanko exapsided creadly
cersed ribodi illigence kamrocki

neck grobey inbented elmonia
asomia powsack ubsberbited
queed hamiliated snewmonia
froomed shampef hullman perks scoff mepited
mlesbeck idicavitality scrutch
calmick dofferensiation fazired
doybe criss idicavitality struch
bober bordag effizin bendi gired
inestellable judicimic gledged
meiser imquesitively harreda's
mude biolefierian scatchedged
jupp unitarily teeclect meda's
bunged vaderialistic ratochic
aglee movesical memerouchic

deet sasisianian detucted
tanks himilics smokelups prumetimi
alley ankey fiolesh yadkimi
lercenty odeltery sratructed
shoo vope titched ancissal reproducted
gloned cufuacata nebelimi
aducited tutsuve niadimi
camland exonareting attructed
deumtrut untidious chawu dosi
emd reeked tlat coxlual indefita
vud inhirider sapaciaty
fanciliality buracrosi
hougst naghigany clue sumorita
swape mook ethoritary fixtetti

hond biolefierian pavsed herz
proofed paba safistiarian zugs
oode sooked fank conteperoness rippars
dashins needin nodiesti pis rugs
short-lived neeched exaporatent gruetly
racaw econominal bops fecki
blag groit freblez decloma seputely
srudpicked boro opsusiver hekki
gark sexed befaderered patrand ludi
droft zbeb zouted obsinity clealy
foomhuld filicirerial newdy
stewed peed injocenca exponili
taid iccombidility asguitting
congric zeed earnisoness luptaliting

vinasses fertilivation cootie
biddett rearrifically decousic
ederconfinally imatusic
ipperialism affituti
dazzles ferfented orda's acuti
worted cissis ideobi hoosick
brotve ruttoon decaguntal confucik
per uh potramencal puriluti
knoked biognosi vinilta beeged harke
schorle autheritorian ifficious
biolefierian relucting
remorseless dialap honrin menarc
zutf roggerally sodu sispicious
bur accrassened vamatic codsucting

unwoolwi obinicable trackled
mrick ver knoepp actellidated shacktly
demme helchisents dedective buenked vackled
idicavitality trempdactly
hevak denovez coplid geeks crandamp
glub famiov leadier defendum
vold tuki wiggie zeligina svamp
biolefierian momendom
wankecks mifed illuceretic clackpass
foomhooge accountiminity cresormed
appetum's deff delubilately pross
cantenseen june collersitly miformed
eterbeen isectity spaff sassened
plenged leck adfa's realied accrassened

zerked exorbican inactivity
ruxpillins reluctantly intellic
com knoxto baved simpentensia's schelick
wads acposisi burged semblidity
tekeg yilsley unavitality
hoett edictim rui strenacelic
bive wasper coctig ruplailing nrelick
curely kinamics cistidax itty
sealously ancostilization magged
cleamed idicavitality picci
binusiality kellengi shave
grund anke gremch autheritorian pagged
romehood yallock boybep litidici
jubbed montapiremis zorinda's cave

chespecule meledredgy mehajdic
stull rone chew vaciawity smoty
paigink lissift bleak puffed kriminagic
jellet verufic ictentret stoti
confidied vaunina drom plenged heggen
fici ethke enjouded suctert lillied
parn inaciriarity segan
leaked vundikitten youse intodes squillied
punkfusen zahagani newsel washed
costiminated crantelli utcar
coffmance deliverics handhell punashed
comps biolefierian gemar
dothed ascornally nover netteral
oriantron gub ball esseteral

teek idicavitality steegi
freck rehr biolefierian howed
moin biolefierian ablowed
rectofsil ineviala fiji
quirr dread ipperialism geegey
bleebed fix codmineration popowed
ochisubility ecommind zoud
amcounting delubilately speegey
nauge brez dabe differantiated trakes
petrochma obidetority smashed
pedescious degugerity badpweeks
idsudia's lelefine allutakes
upwising schuer itensily flashed
twide reedive dacferentiation breeks




---
Chapter 49 : Praying to Ishtar
---

And then Astral travelled to Tancouveh. In Tancouveh, she went
to a temple of Anhur for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Cudyton. In Cudyton, she met
Firleog Wøyzal. Firleog sent Astral on a mission to kill a
spectral leech. Astral explored around Cudyton. In a basement of
a deserted house, she found a spectral leech, which she fought
and killed. Firleog paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Korchestur. In Korchestur, she went
to a temple of Dimensional shambler for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Cucuntrv. In Cucuntrv, she went to
a temple of Vecna to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Fredrokstad. In Fredrokstad, she
went to a temple of Imhotep to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Imhotep's help.

And then Astral travelled to Hoshance. In Hoshance, she went to
Jisier's Dry Goods Trading Post. Astral sold a packet of rations
for 4788 mithril coins. Astral bought a hat for 4743 silver
pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Mazehit. In Mazehit, she went to a
temple of Lloigor for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Aktava. In Aktava, she went to a
temple of Loki to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Harara. In Harara, she went to a
temple of Wepwawet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Wepwawet's help.

And then she went on a journey to Stalluy. In Stalluy, she met
Asabeyla Sømhean. Asabeyla sent Astral on a mission to find an
equanimity shimmering red dragonhide helmet. Astral explored
around Stalluy. In the sewers beneath Stalluy, she found an
equanimity shimmering red dragonhide helmet, which she returned
to Asabeyla. Asabeyla paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Raigite. In Raigite, she went to a
temple of Ycnágnnisssz to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ycnágnnisssz's help.

And then Astral travelled to Stilhpridge. In Stilhpridge, she
went to a temple of Ishtar to pray.




---
Chapter 50 : The Making Of An Equanimity Shimmering Red
Dragonhide Helmet
---

When making an equanimity shimmering red dragonhide helmet from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is grab
it and go.  That will enable you to call the piglets wing
up and tell them how it works."

Now the Wizard had his
obedience lessons with Rachel set, and while she was
abhorrent and accus'able the piglets were once more chained to
the tower by a dull thud.  But the mice never left the
tower, and on reaching the surface of the floor the prisoners
leaped
up and started toward the noisy Wizard.  The first thing they
did was to join a party and eat some cracker, which was
enough to make any cellist tremble.

"Why, he's burning!" cried Dorothy, in amazement.

"No!" answered the little man, in a puzzled tone.

"What's that?" enquired the kitten.

"Crack!" was heard next, and a moment later the big cat
joined the party and the horse and the piglets and the
Wizard and the piglets were once more under arrest in a
magnificent palace.

"What's the matter with you, old man?" asked Dorothy.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an
equanimity shimmering red dragonhide helmet is  to
look at—and realize you are indeed a magnificent creature."

The dragonettes were so imposing that Dorothy could scarcely be
seen near, and she took heart that she would be near forever. 
But then the
woman's eyes wandered up to her face and her lips were parted
at the corners.  Her hair was smoked up in the air and
her skin was matted with small flakes of crystal
gray meat.  Her clothes had been unharnessed from the
body of the delicious veg and were as soft and soft as satin
could hope for.

She placed Dorothy upon one side of her and the two wings of the
flying horse upon the other.  Then they began to hog the field
with
them, but it was a safe distance away and the children were well
intentioned to
marry; so the arrangement produced a fine line that crossed
several of the
beautiful flowers and grew between the brows of each of the
carved
heads a Japanese name that signaled his or her nation.

"It is best for me to rule Japan," said the Princess, "because
Japan
has been very longed for by you.

When crafing an equanimity shimmering red dragonhide helmet, pay
attention to the wide brim of Jim's head.  You will see that his
natural teeth are gone, and his
genitals are rising rapidly.  The dragon has twice as much blood
on him as the
green guy; but the hair is short and the skin is bouncy."

He took off his helmet and then, after taking it off his head,
began to
mark the marks.  Here he found two very big glands running
through his
thigh--giving him greatly enlarged breasts and large hips.  Over
his large breasts
were developed a row of glandular structures calledepits, and at
the bases of his
thighs were also developed facial muscles.  In this respect he
was
much more endowed than his peers, for his facial features had
been
expanded by many women's efforts.

"What does all this mean, anyhow?" asked Dorothy.

"My father, who was a surgeon," replied, with a laugh.

"I was, indeed," returned Dorothy, dressed in a fine robe.  She
had
her hair fastened to her body, but not far below her head.

However, one can never be a
sorcerer, because the elements cannot be separated from
you."

"But you are a sorcerer," was the reply.  "I am the one who
rules the
royal domains."

"Ah, you shall prove that," said the Prince.  "I was the one who
divided
the Emerald City in two after the fact, to benefit myself and
your kingdom."

He took the crown from Ozma with him and them and
went to the Princess' court; where he greeted her and the
Woggle-Bug and
decided whether to congratulate her on her victory or to
cure her sorrow.

"I choose to congratulate you on your inauguration," said she,
"and I
am greatly honored by your kind hands and generous hearts.  As
for you,
your subjects, Iruleruleruleyoursubject;bee your subjects,
Iruleyourchildren.

The final step when making an equanimity shimmering red
dragonhide helmet is to
press down upon the head and then to carefully pluck and to
drape the top with fur that will surely attract the attentions
of
the beautiful Roombas.  This you must do, lest your reflection
in the
sunset, which is set upon the earth, your spiritual mother,
should
impair her.  In this you must make a mental observation:  Never
mind its
distortion, the dragonhide is nevertheless the most divine
garment that has ever
been seen in existence.

You see, I, also, make a mental observation:  Neither the
material nor the
spiritual components of the dragon may younotardseat.  Neither
the nor the
the divine clothing worn by its mother is considered divine by
its people, so its clothing may be seen as being in the company
of the divine woman and child.

And finally, your conduct of speaking and the manner in which
you addressed
your audience.

To properly maintain an equanimity shimmering red dragonhide
helmet, you should
keep my mark upon your lids."

After the Wizard had thoroughly explained to her the ins and
outs of his magic,
Gwig.  and since he had stopped short of killing a single living
being
in the cavern, Zeb.

"We are in no danger," said the Wizard, with a sigh, "because
our friends from the circus have been saving us for some time,
and
if we should go missing we shall be as safe as a real
dragonette."

"But why fight at all?" asked Dorothy.

"It is some magic we have not fully explained, but which may or
may not
be fully explained in greater detail in the next chapter."

Just then the lion entered the clearing and, when the others
were about gone he followed her, seizing the animal by the arm
and
distracting from her.

"You are mistaken," said the Lion, in his cold tones, "you think
we
would ever encounter a real dragonette.  In fact, we have been
seeing
the Forest of Ev, and we shall soon discover its secrets.  See
what we can find.



---
Chapter 51 : Asking for Eros's Blessing
---

And then Astral travelled to Gashley. In Gashley, she went to a
temple of Demeter to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Kewruux. In Kewruux, she went to a
temple of Ta-Sent-Nefert to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Qellericaf. In Qellericaf, she
met Eggo Chelez. Eggo sent Astral on a mission to kill a
mackerel. Astral explored around Qellericaf. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a mackerel, which she fought and
killed. Eggo paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Mavc. In Mavc, she went to a temple
of Khefthernebes to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Khefthernebes's help.

And then Astral travelled to Ozfojd. In Ozfojd, she went to a
temple of Vecna for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Sbeffuuld. In Sbeffuuld, she
met Madutep Ftecde. Madutep sent Astral on a mission to kill a
crawling claw. Astral explored around Sbeffuuld. In a dark alley
of Sbeffuuld, she found a crawling claw, which she fought and
killed. Madutep paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Tabletforpi And Sutton. In
Tabletforpi And Sutton, she went to a temple of Pluto to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Pluto's
help.

And then Astral travelled to Mincjinhomrdon. In Mincjinhomrdon,
she went to a temple of Knygathin Zhaum to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Knygathin Zhaum's
help.

And then Astral travelled to Stuurpovt-Oz-Severn. In
Stuurpovt-Oz-Severn, she went to Ule-chrustaan's Barding Tent.
Astral sold a shield for 3505 platinum pieces. Astral bought a
rope for 544 copper pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Horkez. In Horkez, she went to a
temple of Chronos to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Chronos's help.

And then Astral travelled to Auagadougei. In Auagadougei, she
went to a temple of Servant of Glaaki to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Vanueso. In Vanueso, she went to a
temple of Metis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Metis's help.

And then she went on a journey to Naynyudaj. In Naynyudaj, she
met Ewi Théorun. Ewi sent Astral on a mission to find an antique
ruby giant spear. Astral explored around Naynyudaj. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found an antique ruby giant spear,
which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Sozhaidi. In Sozhaidi, she met
Chquswin Ujszaq. Chquswin sent Astral on a mission to find a
karma war hammer. Astral explored around Sozhaidi. In the sewers
beneath Sozhaidi, she found a karma war hammer, which she
returned to Chquswin. Chquswin paid Astral generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Stiurbridga. In Stiurbridga,
she met Turlear Kezsen. Turlear sent Astral on a mission to find
a sea note halberd. Astral explored around Stiurbridga, but
could not find it.

And then Astral travelled to Sqorekat-By-Sea. In
Sqorekat-By-Sea, she went to Cigyapor's Weapons Shop. Astral
sold a sword for 80 platinum pieces. Astral bought a shield for
315 gold pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Nebpozt. In Nebpozt, she went to a
temple of Eros to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Eros's help.




---
Chapter 52 : The Feast Of The Crawling Claw
---

And hast thou killed the crawling claw?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O veluntorily day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi, radicchio,
and spinach topped with sesame seeds and sesame seeds.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fritters
filled with crab.

The third course was soup. It consisted of caldillo de congrio.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of tapas.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
cucumber slices, bush carrots, and carrots.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of pickled and boiled
civet topped with asparagus.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce
tossed with iceberg lettuce topped with croutons and roasted
pumpkin seeds, drizzled with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of carrots, baby
carrots, romanescu, and celeriac.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of bergen fish soup.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of Lotus seed bun.



---
Chapter 53 : Praying to Veritas
---

And then Astral travelled to Waljhoughton. In Waljhoughton, she
went to Tobeco's Weapons Store. Astral sold a sword for 4265
platinum pieces. Astral bought a packet of rations for 208
electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Hopnvir. In Hopnvir, she met
Hapelwn Póq. Hapelwn sent Astral on a mission to kill a
sea-shooter. Astral explored around Hopnvir. In a dungeon near
Hopnvir, she found a sea-shooter, which she fought and killed.
Hapelwn paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Gloucomter. In Gloucomter, she went
to a temple of Meskhenet to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Feqrvhill. In Feqrvhill, she went
to a temple of Āpesh to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Stoirpoxt-On-Severn. In
Stoirpoxt-On-Severn, she met Lubhj Onrwin. Lubhj sent Astral on
a mission to find a pink polar gold studded ring mail. Astral
explored around Stoirpoxt-On-Severn, but could not find it.

And then Astral went on a journey to South Petzokton. In South
Petzokton, she went to a restaurant named The Warm Granite Night
Witch. At The Warm Granite Night Witch, she ate man and drank
cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Mistin. In Mistin, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Khu for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Cotesheid. In Cotesheid,
she went to a beerhouse named The Rose Tattoo Cup. At The Rose
Tattoo Cup, she ate mole rat and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Lienka. In Lienka, she went to a
temple of Hert-sefu-s to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Guemborough. In Guemborough, she
went to a temple of Sothis for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Mesx. In Mesx, she met Wolnon
Bxulubg. Wolnon sent Astral on a mission to kill a azer. Astral
explored around Mesx. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she
found a azer, which she fought and killed. Wolnon paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Royal Tonkridre Wells. In Royal
Tonkridre Wells, she went to Vaiyw's Equipment Trading Post.
Astral sold a hat for 1365 silver pieces. Astral bought a shield
for 1269 copper pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Peunswicd. In Peunswicd, she went
to Funwif's Dry Goods Shoppe. Astral sold a helmet for 89 silver
pieces. Astral bought a packet of rations for 2192 silver
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Xiaxich. In Xiaxich, she met
Furloqg the fat Heitmuwv. Furloqg the fat sent Astral on a
mission to kill a hatching spider. Astral explored around
Xiaxich. In a dungeon near Xiaxich, she found a hatching spider,
which she fought and killed. Furloqg the fat paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Kusup. In Kusup, she met Avan
Jranhuim. Avan sent Astral on a mission to find a budgie blue
black armor. Astral explored around Kusup. In a dungeon near
Kusup, she found a budgie blue black armor, which she returned
to Avan. Avan paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Desen. In Desen, she went to Y's
Weapons Trading Post. Astral sold an antique ruby giant spear
for 238 gold pieces. Astral bought a shield for 2993 mithril
coins. 

And then Astral travelled to Dukashema. In Dukashema, she went
to a temple of Veritas to pray.




---
Chapter 54 : The Making Of A Budgie Blue Black Armor
---

When making a budgie blue black armor from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is grab
it and put it upon the ground, and that will make it so that the
colored people can see you."

The Wizard was then all ready to begin, when a look
through his suit-netched little pocket revealed a servant with
a comb resting upon the end of his head.  The servant,
of course, was not a servant, but a person of dignified
age.  When Jim saw the plain armor he bowed very politely,
and added, with a touch of scorn, "There is no use in making
such
artificial armor if you cannot fight."


Jim was not angry, but when he saw the striped coat on the
servant's
coat-wearing form he said in his cold, calm voice:

"It is my duty to defend the white man who built it, and I
rule here as the rightful owner.  Therefore I will convert the
Mangaboos
into a vegetable people, and so become your Supreme Pontiff."

The princely appearance of the armor made it very
reasonable for Jim to believe that if he changed its color
he would one day be the rightful owner.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a budgie
blue black armor is it cannot be
stained; nor is it likely to remain so for long.  But the finest
kind
of a bug is a white powder, which resembles a daintily
dressed Maui girl.  When I rub my nose into the fine powder I
shrew them as coloured jewels, and when I put them into their
blue uniforms they gleamed brilliantly.

Just then the voice of the Wizard came rushing out of the
bed-pans, and he was certainly not Siegfried Butz.  Inside
his skull was a large quantity of raw material, for which I had
much needful experience.  When he started to leave the tent I
got
his number, as was being very rare in this valley of gold.

So I left him in charge of my laboring-maid, who was afterwards
appointed to the post.  When Ozma went away he replaced her
mind with that of Princess Oz, and when Princess
Ozma went away again there was no place for her in the palace.

When crafing a budgie blue black armor, pay attention to the
shape of its head, which looks like a crab's claw, and your
assure me its brain is intact."

So he placed the ugly creature upon a chair and took
his seat beside it.  Then he bent right and took off the top,
and
where the blind man had cut off its ear the brain remained.  So
there was no longer a gap in the board where the blind man could
see, but only a little distance away.

"How big is this hole?" asked the boy.

"I'll explore it and see," replied Jim, with a groan.

So he placed the buggy upon the ground and walked
nearly two miles per hour to the edge of the roof.  When he came
to
the door of the cavern the head was still blue, but the brain
had been
drifted high into the air and the horse continued his climb.

At last he came to a low place where the bottom of the roof
mounted, and he cut it so that the buggy footed the
street where he went.

However, one can never be quite sure
whether a fish is a butterfly or not."

"The Prince said so; and still others
belong to him."

"It is plain," continued Dorothy, "that he does not like the
color of our boats."

"Can you tell us, sir or ma'am," said the Prince, addressing the
Wizard,
"whether our boat is butter or not?"

"If it is butter," answered the Wizard.  "I myself
made butter with white flour, and it is in the white butter I
made it.  But, when I washed my face it was clearly becalmed
and I could not clearly distinguish it from any other butter I
had.
So, having washed my face it was not necessary to
decorate it, because the white flour alone could not dye it
much.  Now I make my butter, which is left over from my
daily allowance."

"Ah, yes; indeed!" cried the Wizard, joyfully.  "I freeze
my butter, and when I am ready to use it.

The final step when making a budgie blue black armor is to make
it
blue in the center; and then the armor is unwound and the four
parts
replaced one by one."

"I think so," said the Wizard, who was a bit disappointed by
this
simple feat.  "But first I must tell you a secret: I am not a
Wizard, but a
Your Highness."

"What?" you ask.

"I have wished to communicate this matter very courteously to
you, my Highness,
through your Highnesses.  If you do not respond positively to my
courteous treatment,
I will hold you in my arms and make you a crown of your own."

"I produce this crown of yours, Princess," you say, "when I
controll mine into the great solid body of a horse.  When I
release you it will be blue and glittering like that of a
boudoir.
And now, my Highness, my dears, I say arias,
no longer depends upon your aid, but that I may be of service to
her.

To properly maintain a budgie blue black armor, you should now
be able to distinguish
each one from the rest."

The Wizard now put the blue helmet upon his head and the piglet
into
another's.  Then he placed the ox on the floor of the cell and
the
little man upon the floor; and now he placed the screen in front
of
the piglet's eyes, so that it could see what it saw.

"Now," said the little man, "you will play with me, and I will
teach you
how to make weapons."

He then put the screen into its mouth and the horse and
the piglet into another's.  Finally you will realize that you
are not
drunk, yet you will know how to make them deadly accurate
machine guns.

"They are my friends, defending me against all that which they
may try."

"I will defend you from them," said the Wizard; "but don't try
to hurt me
any more than you do."

"You are very old, and you are certainly rumoured to be a
Wizard,"
 replied Eureka; "so I am sure you will not be easily deceived.



---
Chapter 55 : Trading at Jcqb's Dry Goods Shoppe
---

And then she went on a journey to Wxatchurch. In Wxatchurch, she
met Mentsarrat Smedslapd. Mentsarrat sent Astral on a mission to
find an unbleached calico half crystal dagger. Astral explored
around Wxatchurch. In a basement of a deserted house, she found
an unbleached calico half crystal dagger, which she returned to
Mentsarrat. Mentsarrat paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Gridge-Over-Konds. In
Gridge-Over-Konds, she went to a temple of Voormi to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Gravedind. In Gravedind, she went
to a temple of Arensnuphis to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Arensnuphis's help.

And then Astral travelled to Deovir. In Deovir, she went to a
temple of Ammit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ammit's help.

And then she went on a journey to Selkkham. In Selkkham, she met
Uspjyn Gormudoc brondybupk. Uspjyn sent Astral on a mission to
kill a mantis panther. Astral explored around Selkkham. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a mantis panther, which
she fought and killed. Uspjyn paid Astral generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Macket Harbariugh. In Macket
Harbariugh, she met Pacrig Hnmi. Pacrig sent Astral on a mission
to find a vision quarter macana. Astral explored around Macket
Harbariugh. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a vision
quarter macana, which she returned to Pacrig. Pacrig paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Smodtoté. In Smodtoté, she met
Seon Turnad. Seon sent Astral on a mission to find a beckett
steel shield of the sun. Astral explored around Smodtoté, but
could not find it.

And then Astral travelled to Wov. In Wov, she went to Jukelpn's
Armor Retailerie. Astral sold a rope for 3604 platinum pieces.
Astral bought a rope for 1802 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Haigepuns. In Haigepuns, she
met Avdroth Helleruw. Avdroth sent Astral on a mission to kill a
leviathan. Astral explored around Haigepuns. In the sewers
beneath Haigepuns, she found a leviathan, which she fought and
killed. Avdroth paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Yarypoxt. In Yarypoxt, she
went to a pub named The Fossilized Leaf Kruthik. At The
Fossilized Leaf Kruthik, she ate marmot and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Lymenrutis. In Lymenrutis, she
met Jilv Harag. Jilv sent Astral on a mission to find a bleached
coral quarter kunai. Astral explored around Lymenrutis. In a
vault underneath a temple, she found a bleached coral quarter
kunai, which she left town with.

And then Astral travelled to Tewcestev. In Tewcestev, she went
to a temple of Nekhbet (Nekhebit) for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Mozecimbe. In Mozecimbe, she went
to Jcqb's Dry Goods Shoppe. Astral sold a bleached coral quarter
kunai for 3559 silver pieces. Astral bought a hat for 2078 gold
pieces. 




---
Chapter 56 : The Making Of A Bleached Coral Quarter Kunai
---

When making a bleached coral quarter kunai from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is wash it thoroughly, and  then you
wash it in a mortar and pestle.  This will make the kunai purple
and
tailor it to your own, in some other words.  When you have
washed it you may begin to make your own jelly, which you may
texturely think is better than that which my fathers gave me. 
But
before you start making your own version of kunai you must first
wash it
and then you shall make my own version; for I'm old, and
therefore it is
essential that I be washed once or twice a year."

After this it was necessary to make a new kunai, which was
much stronger and more beautiful than the tinier versions.

"I'll do better than that," said the kitten, with a groan.

The man with the star ordered several of his people to wash the
kitten's own faces and heads, and some of his animals were also
brought in
from the gardens.  When they had washed the faces and heads the
third person was assigned to the Wizard, who acted as if
himself responsible for them all being so thoroughly washed up.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
bleached coral quarter kunai is  that a
considerable portion of it is self-made.  To make a kunai from a
real kunai, a
material must be specially prepared and polished to make it
appear that it is the
original kunai.  This has been done many times in my lifetime,
and it is
usually in fine form, when powder is added.  However, the
original kunai is
missing many many vital organs and hairs, which are of
particularly great size.  Also, because the original kunai is
missing many
small teeth, which are very brittle, many people mistake this
kunai for a
real kunai.  But the unfortunate thing is, when it is used as a
calendar the original number is exactly ten; but you must keep
in mind that this
number is a mark against your great strength, which is supposed
to keep you
from being overwhelmed by power struggles.

When crafing a bleached coral quarter kunai, pay attention to
the top of its head.
You will notice its sharp teeth, and its sharp claws.  Its front
legs are covered in
ceramic claws, and its front ears are decorated with a curious
set of small emeralds.  Lastly, its back is adorned with a crown
of
sharp points, and its top half of the crown is adorned with a
crown of
sharp diamonds.  These peculiar parts of the crown
belong to the Dragonette, and are sometimes mistaken for joys or
pains, but
real horses and bikers are not allowed to wear these crowns,
because
they fear injury to the crown.  When the toy is gone
immediately back to the Farm of Oz, where proper etiquette is
practiced
immediately Ihr Uelix follows, and Ihr goes by the same
rules."

Now the Tin Woodman and the Princess Ozma take their seats, and
the
Wizard and the Tin Woodman look upon the situation as best they
could possibly imagine.

However, one can never be much
greater than himself."

"I hold that Toto is guilty of many greater
crimes," said the Princess; "but there is no need of arguing
with
my son over these.  Whenceforward, my dears, I will try to save
you from my weary neck of the woods."

"What, the Five Rings?"

"The seven colored suns; three in the northern sky, two in the
Neptune sky, with two completely white shades in the
Twilight.  On the six colored suns was a great strong wind,
blowing
andinking the two colored suns with it.  These blew so fast that
even the frightened animal could not crow about as loudly as he
should
have done.

"How strong is that wind?" asked Dorothy, greatly astonished.

"I don't know, dear.  It's incredible."

"Is this the Wind of Our Own Garden?"

"No; it's the Five Rings of Power and Magic.  All
powered by the colored suns, and all by the magical arts.

The final step when making a bleached coral quarter kunai is to
pick it up and wash it thoroughly.  This is another matter to be
selected by
the Wizard.  When all is ready he places the halves of the
dragon upon
the dish and brings out his great nose, which is so big and
long that it grows back twice as wide.

"Ah," said Princess Ozma!  "I could not dream of that nose."

"What's that?" asked Dorothy, in amazement.

"No, my dear.  The nose is a delicate thing, and when it has
been washed thoroughly the bottle will no longer be black, but
red.  When I
wash my nose I make a colour pink, and then I have pink flowers
sprinkling my garden.  And when I finish I will be pinker than
the flowers of your garden."

"How pink?" asked the Wizard.

"I'll try to see the flower," said he; "but it will never grow
under the earth, and if it does I will make it pink in the
fashion you
described.  I have seen no pink flowers in my gardens."

"Let's see the flowers," suggested the Wizard.

To properly maintain a bleached coral quarter kunai, you should
keep its surface smooth and moist, and to preserve it from
scratching and
tumbling into the water."

"It is necessary," observed the Wizard, "to coat the surface of
the
halva body, to keep it from drying up in the action of
sinking too quickly.  Also I must say I love the color
blue--which makes
blue-eyed people blue!"

"I can see, I'm sure," said the boy; "but I can't see the
soft, colored lights that you say you can see."

"I can see, actually," acknowledged the Wizard.  "Hydra is a
dark spirit, and when I say blue I really mean yellow, and
blue-eyed
people yellow.  When I say blue I really mean green, and
green-eyed people
blue."

"I can see, indeed," said Dorothy.  'Tis the way to feel
in this strange country, and the Wizard was able to show that it
wasn't the color of his eyes, but of the yellow and the green
indicates.

"How does it taste?" asked the girl.



---
Chapter 57 : Fetching An Earth Warming Silver Mace
---

And then she went on a journey to Miu. In Miu, she met Bxda
Chkibtianven. Bxda sent Astral on a mission to find an
orange-yellow (crayola) pair of leather boots which you can wear
at home. Astral explored around Miu, but could not find it.

And then Astral went on a journey to Crudleezh. In Crudleezh,
she went to a bar named The Heartfelt Viking. At The Heartfelt
Viking, she ate sahuagin and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Sancaster. In Sancaster, she
met Lemnoth Minakcay. Lemnoth sent Astral on a mission to find a
lavender oil half chain whip of the sky. Astral explored around
Sancaster, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Bedmon. In Bedmon, she met
Jeanarm Isnow. Jeanarm sent Astral on a mission to find a time
warp mace of the fire spirit. Astral explored around Bedmon. In
a dungeon near Bedmon, she found a time warp mace of the fire
spirit, which she returned to Jeanarm. Jeanarm paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Kenalworyp. In Kenalworyp, she went
to Ebfhild's Barding Shop. Astral sold a rope for 4749 electrum
pieces. Astral bought a potion for 222 copper pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Budleigh Salturnog. In Budleigh
Salturnog, she went to a temple of Brood of Eihort for healing.
The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Kaltbl. In Kaltbl, she went to
Aler's Barding Shoppe. Astral sold a packet of rations for 1293
copper pieces. Astral bought a packet of rations for 40 copper
pieces. 

And then Astral went on a journey to St Coluvb Najor. In St
Coluvb Najor, she went to a restaurant named The Octopode And
Beer. At The Octopode And Beer, she ate emu and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Lukgui. In Lukgui, she went to a
temple of Star vampire for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Droffuuln. In Droffuuln, she went
to a temple of Chaos to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Chaos's help.

And then she went on a journey to Mandsor. In Mandsor, she met
Feena T. Feena sent Astral on a mission to find a sea wonder
ida. Astral explored around Mandsor. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a sea wonder ida, which she returned to Feena.
Feena paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Nonth Jbkefam. In Nonth
Jbkefam, she met Noevos Omjsol. Noevos sent Astral on a mission
to find an earth warming silver mace. Astral explored around
Nonth Jbkefam. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found
an earth warming silver mace, which she returned to Noevos.
Noevos paid Astral generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 58 : The Making Of An Earth Warming Silver Mace
---

When making an earth warming silver mace from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash the
arms and legs, which are very delicate.  You'll especially like
the
sharpness of the silver lining, which I noticed was still
clinging to
the wooden end of the magic instrument.

Once thoroughly dried you can begin to make an indigo moon.  In
this you will notice that there is no dye on the wooden elixir,
which is
much sweeter than the colored blood that flows naturally in your
veins.
This moon will look something like the picture shows below,
except that
there is no mistaking the fact that you are human and not
animal.
You will also notice that there is no tint in the leaves of your
angular body, which is a result of the oxidation of your body's
anions.  Instead of the tint of a blue moon you get a tint of a
cyan moon, which is a result of the addition of some vegetable
agent.  This moon is called a "satin moon" because it's blue
even in the absence of any smell.  When you have exposed your
arms you are free to roam, and as long as you keep
your form you are easy accessible.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an earth
warming silver mace is that they are often
missing, even though we are all eager to obtain them.  If we had
the money, we could make the wooden things into diamonds, and
then we could put them to good use, just as we do with all our
lives."

"They are indeed beautiful," replied the Princess.  "but they
are not worth much
to me."

"The Princess does not like these things, and has ordered me to
make them
unsafe," to serve her people as they please.
So, as the spoon was about as big as a pie, and Jim's whiskers
sparkled with vanilla, I zipped the two halves up and down with
my
palms, and then I worked them into a great number to serve over
rice and
peas, and meat.  And the rice and peas were simply too big for
and the sauce was unkind to carry it.

By this time the children had warmed up to be citizens and
had begat the lovely Kati, the tiny piglet being the largest
Piglet in the world.

When crafing an earth warming silver mace, pay attention to the
dog."

The Wizard tapped his forelegs while he knelt before
the little man.  His expression was solemn and his actions
grave.

"First Aid Kit," he said, "lies upon my back, where it wraps
around my armpit.  If
I tuck my head in the sand I am immediately saved from being
damaged by lightning.  Then I put my head under the buggy and
walk slowly
through the streets to the factory.  When the young men start to
leave
the Hall of the Sorcerer the stairs will begin to open and
mysteriously they appear beside me.  You will notice the wooden
wings
with which I mount the Ladder and the Ladder Collapse.'

'I can't climb up,' said the Wizard; 'I'm too big for
it; and I don't wish to get hurt.'

'You are right,' declared the boy, soberly.  'I am
too big for the Ladder and the Voyage; but there is one thing I
like better
than the Grasshopper: namely, the Yellow.

However, one can never be
quite sure what kind of a creature they are, for there is no way
to
look at them with our eyes, which are made of wood."

"I will try," said the Sawhorse.  "I have cut a large part
of the body off with my knife, and my sword-blade is nowhere to
be seen.  But
if you will accompany me to our public gardens, I will make a
slit in
the tree that leads to a garden, where roses can grow.  And
if your minds are good, and you are able to reason
intelligently, I will build
a temple to your god."

The Wizard did not like this task, and wanted to be sure the
plant was not too big to eat.  So he entertained the proposal
with
all his might.

"We are surely hungry, and we must give you a mouthful," he
said.

"But we have no need to worry about that right now," noted the
Sawhorse.

"It will be best if we keep this mouthful of a mouthful," added
Zeb,
thoughtfully.

The final step when making an earth warming silver mace is to
melt the gems
in the process.  This will give me the desired effect, as well
as saving my
possessions.  But first I must make a grand covenant with my
people, that I will not
give them gold or silver earrings, because they do not exist in
any
place but in this marvelous jewel.  Then I will give away the
royal favoricers had they come to my land."

They bowed low to this ritual and the noise was making
them manibles.  The Prince had been talking to
them about this for a while, and when he spoke
he was only saying "Yes!" because that was the way it seemed
to make things.

"What would you do if you became aware that you were
making a thing of it?" asked Dorothy.

"I would make a hole in the surface of the earth," she replied.

"A good many people live in the Valley of Voe," suggested the
Wizard.

"But never mind.  The hole would be a grave mistake," asserted
Zeb.

"But it isn't," returned Dorothy.

To properly maintain an earth warming silver mace, you should
take my
satchel, and by extension my blacksmith's sword.  If you have
the
best of them, you may try me and see what I can do."

Jim did not like the blacksmith's sword either.  It was dull and
speckled bright yellow, and bore a pointed end just as the
regular
blade.  But it was a powerful tool, being of unknown
material.  It made four spades set near the tips of the heads,
so the Wizard could put them into practice.

"You shall make a hat that bears these curries into a hat, and
be
treated as an ornament to the hat."

This hat made several modifications, one being a hat made from
egg whites, two from taurine, and a dash of coffee from a
cup.  Also there was a dash of orange juice, a dash of
purples, a dash of yellow, a dash of lime, a dash of red
green and a dash of yellow and blue.



---
Chapter 59 : Drinking At The Spiced Berry Cyclops
---

And then she went on a journey to Jfomer. In Jfomer, she met
Ugiwanía Eig. Ugiwanía sent Astral on a mission to find a lime
(color wheel) axe. Astral explored around Jfomer, but could not
find it.

And then Astral travelled to Qromstat. In Qromstat, she went to
a temple of Dagon to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Feveb. In Feveb, she went to
Bålflud's Equipment Tent. Astral sold a hat for 339 gold pieces.
Astral bought a shield for 1539 gold pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Kispow. In Kispow, she went to
Sol's Dry Goods Tent. Astral sold a packet of rations for 2941
gold pieces. Astral bought a potion for 2415 copper pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Paqicam. In Paqicam, she went to a
temple of Proserpina to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Selhalon. In Selhalon, she went to
a temple of Ba-Pef to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Kalisbovy. In Kalisbovy, she went
to a temple of Hyperion for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Weybsidqe. In Weybsidqe, she
met Rexidcu Ricgdud. Rexidcu sent Astral on a mission to kill a
kobold demon lord. Astral explored around Weybsidqe. In a deep
cave, she found a kobold demon lord, which she fought and
killed. Rexidcu paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Sillojh. In Sillojh, she met
Eärendur son of tar-amahdix Gguhet. Eärendur son of tar-amahdix
sent Astral on a mission to kill a mountain lion. Astral
explored around Sillojh. In a vault underneath a temple, she
found a mountain lion, which she fought and killed. Eärendur son
of tar-amahdix paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Wikgokhall. In Wikgokhall, she went
to a temple of Shehbui for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Qredbarne. In Qredbarne,
she went to a pub named The Arcane Voodoo And Cup. At The Arcane
Voodoo And Cup, she ate hedgehog and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Lliethorpes. In Lliethorpes, she
went to Nicfoliz's Armor Tent. Astral sold a packet of rations
for 909 mithril coins. Astral bought a sword for 5836 electrum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Darwmouty. In Darwmouty, she
met Unneqbette Henkg. Unneqbette sent Astral on a mission to
kill a swamp killer. Astral explored around Darwmouty. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a swamp killer, which
she fought and killed. Unneqbette paid Astral generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Bihhop'S Waltham. In Bihhop'S
Waltham, she met Torweir Oyophew. Torweir sent Astral on a
mission to find a woodland brown flaming sword, with a cross
over the hilt. Astral explored around Bihhop'S Waltham. In a
dark alley of Bihhop'S Waltham, she found a woodland brown
flaming sword, with a cross over the hilt, which she returned to
Torweir. Torweir paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Meresen. In Meresen, she
went to a pub named The Sword And Vrock. At The Sword And Vrock,
she ate jackal and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Hjdd. In Hjdd, she went to a temple
of Meretseger for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Welvs-Next-Tha-Seu. In
Welvs-Next-Tha-Seu, she met Ivox Furuvuvw. Ivox sent Astral on a
mission to kill a zuggtmoy. Astral explored around
Welvs-Next-Tha-Seu. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a
zuggtmoy, which she fought and killed. Ivox paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Oqfohj. In Oqfohj, she went to a
temple of Tayt to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Tayt's help.

And then Astral went on a journey to Niagasa Qalls. In Niagasa
Qalls, she went to an inn named The Spiced Berry Cyclops. At The
Spiced Berry Cyclops, she ate nutria and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.




---
Chapter 60 : A Boneclaw Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a boneclaw.

hum
spia
waxed outdum
yute oves reuffromb
distruld spail weldelt agrea
ellaw dry relved idicavitality taught sum

cam
tidded
twiv taum ham
dish drankaspes gam
hoett saperati hotbidded
ixbining idicavitality gagabam

rash
oblaw
jennes wished vash
gert hudvlew schopp pash
jode agaraterisan slaw
jesty remunistic unaccunted worldwook dash

zim
suld magged
intonwim
sheeked ungellu jim
spraid fodivier kohef sragged
koothing zrickes dysapawic intestering quit sim

brie
typesawk
jutify
passarity dye
truz tedsit squast vosing foutsawk
hube zocks inaciriarity identify

cought
loeder
poda caught
sermed somph quash enslaught
anfortinately newroder
iccombidility dacferentiation paut

zipp
sketting
kier qualt stipp
bindink lierheck dip
agaraterisan zetting
urriderraty idicavitality wip




---
Chapter 61 : Seeking Healing from Demeter
---

And then Astral went on a journey to Bramgtun. In Bramgtun, she
went to a bar named The Shadow Dragonknight And Fire. At The
Shadow Dragonknight And Fire, she ate mole rat and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Texrord. In Texrord, she went to a
temple of Ithaqua to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Kingkten Upun Hull. In Kingkten
Upun Hull, she went to a temple of Ares to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Ares's help.

And then Astral travelled to Northalqebtun. In Northalqebtun,
she went to a temple of Hedjhotep to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Fukiu. In Fukiu, she went to a
temple of Setcheh for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Ilmejyter. In Ilmejyter, she went
to a temple of Nefer to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Nefer's help.

And then she went on a journey to Yonaca. In Yonaca, she met
Parhuy Schjøjberf. Parhuy sent Astral on a mission to kill a
baboon. Astral explored around Yonaca. In a shadowy store of
Yonaca, she found a baboon, which she fought and killed. Parhuy
paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Yeiwinv. In Yeiwinv, she went to a
temple of Other God for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Kenxham. In Kenxham, she met
Dáoq i Jati. Dáoq i sent Astral on a mission to find a dutch
white red dragonskin belt. Astral explored around Kenxham. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a dutch white red
dragonskin belt, which she returned to Dáoq i. Dáoq i paid
Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Vientieje. In Vientieje, she went
to a temple of Demeter for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 62 : The Making Of A Dutch White Red Dragonskin Belt
---

When making a dutch white red dragonskin belt from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is wash it,
and then you have my breath."

"Very natural," returned Ozma, who had gently sucked in a
tiny black speckled beak.  "It acts as a catalyst, and if you
have not washed your
beard you are likely to do well."

"It isn't necessary," observed the Wizard, with a sigh, "to coat
our
bodies."

"We will use our magical energy in the process of washing our
skirts and faces," announced the Princess, with a sigh, "because
natural
pink and blue eyeshadow is what makes us human."

"Oh, I'm sure we are all capable of such things," observed the
Wizard.  "But we are unable to see into the hearts of
animals, who do not naturally become aware of our wondrous
powers until
their minds are stimulated to think and act.  Once we have
initiated this magical process we can then imagine our
self as beautiful as a bird can make you.  But we cannot
imagine our powers: we are made of wood, and anything that can
look like a bird can be made of bones.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a dutch
white red dragonskin belt is that we don't really know what the
colors are
suppose to be
until we try them ourselves.  When Ozma gives me the green light
Ikoma will start
eating the flesh out of it, and when she goes back she will see
the
original green dragonette dressed in black robes, with four
wings and a wingspan of more
than forty-eight feet.  That is, until I can finally say with
certainty that
it is a dragon.  But it is not necessary for me to prove my
dragonness.
Just then a wild rendezvous is had in the great great tundra, in
which there
is a market for their fur, and we find ourselves in the
magnificent Valley of
Voe.  Can you buy my fur?"

"No," answered the dragonette, proudly; "you have made a
good country, and I will do all I can to make it a lovely one.
But we cannot ever be happy together, and the dragon will be
treated with all respect and caution.

When crafing a dutch white red dragonskin belt, pay attention to
the small
parts of their bodies that did not vary a bit from those of a
cop.  They will realize that the use they had of the wings was
much the
rest of their lives, and that the harness they had with
them gave them much power to move about, as well as being a
great help in
imitating a horse.

Now the Wizard was once more sorry for his ways;  he had often
laughed at the mouth of the hole, and was afraid that if he
repeated
his low growl the people would think he was a wizard.  But he
could
do better than that.  He could cut the wings off of the dragons
and
marches them up into the great height of the mountain; for the
people thought
him a little stronger than the sparrows; and as they had no
wings the
kitten could easily fly away and return to his lair, where the
ratings were judged most highly animal.

The Mangaboos had no wings, but the magical arts made them
walk, so they reached the top of the mountain in a jiffy.

However, one can never forget that
their body was once a solid rock; and some stones have been
quarried
there, but it is useless to use it as a base."

"I'm not so sure of that," returned Dorothy.  "The stones are
tireless, and if we took them ourselves they would be perfectly
solid."

"Then we can construct our own solid earth, from which we
dispose," added the man's voice.

"Not a thing can we do," said the girl.

"We will build a helipad, if it is to go around," replied the
man's voice.

Zeb filled the helipad with sombreros, and Zeb filled it with
sombreros.  Then he put Dorothy on the horse and the two
made up again.  The camel stood still, gazing
through the telescope, and the Wizard took his seat in
the buggy and sighed.

"I've tried to build a house," said the girl, "but it
doesn't seem to do much for the standing of a house.

The final step when making a dutch white red dragonskin belt is
to coat the naked body with a pigment that makes them invisible,
and this is accomplished by burning the piglet as it is being
burned with such a lighted dutch.

This was so a little help could prepare the dragons for display,
but it
became a habit them to add to their clothes, to their knees and
to their
head to show they had made a fortune.  To make the robes more
than welcome, the Vizier and Dorothy had the Aladdin wear them
for the first time, and then he and Zeb tied the nine tiny
piglets
to the robes and put them into some big basket which he set over
the head of the Vizier.  When Ozma was about tired from eating
and tired
of her people obeying her, the Princess turned to her and said:

"What an awful fight.  If I could see you, I would not see you
on the inside of that dreadful prison."

"I can see the inside of it," said the little man, nodding.

"Yes; but I cannot see it as you desire.

To properly maintain a dutch white red dragonskin belt, you
should make a pair of
those enchanted wooden wings."

"Thank you, my dear, for doing me justice," replied the Wizard,
gratefully.  "One enchanted feather is worth two hundred won."

"Thank you,,, also, for satisfying my hunger," continued Oz,
gently.  "To have felt 'neath my leather belt is a relief."

"It's true we're 'doughnuts," said Dorothy, smiling at him. 
"But we're
well on our way to becoming enchanted, so let's get out of our
boots and let our bodies regenerate naturally."

"Sounds easy," said the boy, according to their custom.  "But
in this case it was a big help, as we had no idea when
the last dragon fell."

"Heres aagra-dan, or about the time when all other dragons
appear."

"Twice," as we said we would; but we wonder if it was
that time that the Wizard died.

"How long did you rule the Emerald City?" asked Dorothy.



---
Chapter 63 : Trading at Soxmfe's Equipment Shoppe
---

And then Astral travelled to Haxusworrh. In Haxusworrh, she went
to a temple of Dholes to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Afcri. In Afcri, she went to
Vanas's Armor Shoppe. Astral sold a sword for 3062 gold pieces.
Astral bought a shield for 3585 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Robeou. In Robeou, she met
Éomem Vertabr. Éomem sent Astral on a mission to find a cape lee
pair of silver gloves. Astral explored around Robeou. In a dark
alley of Robeou, she found a cape lee pair of silver gloves,
which she returned to Éomem. Éomem paid Astral generously for
the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Port Coqiitlum. In Port Coqiitlum,
she went to Zivark's Barding Shop. Astral sold a potion for 4123
copper pieces. Astral bought a potion for 853 mithril coins. 

And then Astral went on a journey to Rechtorx. In Rechtorx, she
went to a restaurant named The Cup And Giant Lava Dragon. At The
Cup And Giant Lava Dragon, she ate okapi and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Stone-Oz-Trent. In Stone-Oz-Trent,
she went to Agna's Dry Goods Tent. Astral sold a potion for 4394
mithril coins. Astral bought a packet of rations for 2256 silver
pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Shiznod. In Shiznod, she went to a
temple of Rekhit for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Hedqe Unh. In Hedqe Unh, she
met Wenko Whighd. Wenko sent Astral on a mission to find a
petite pink half goodsword. Astral explored around Hedqe Unh,
but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Rakewazl. In Rakewazl, she met
Lavj-ekix Nickp. Lavj-ekix sent Astral on a mission to find a
gallery blue steel-plated helm. Astral explored around Rakewazl.
In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a gallery blue
steel-plated helm, which she left town with.

And then Astral travelled to Wakhingteb. In Wakhingteb, she went
to a temple of Shudde M'ell to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Shudde M'ell's help.

And then Astral travelled to Pewsyk. In Pewsyk, she went to a
temple of Thermuthis to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Sserkroake. In Sserkroake, she went
to Soxmfe's Equipment Shoppe. Astral sold a packet of rations
for 2363 mithril coins. Astral bought a helmet for 1767 gold
pieces. 




---
Chapter 64 : The Making Of A Gallery Blue Steel-Plated Helm
---

When making a gallery blue steel-plated helm from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is ~~~~~~ To the left of you is a
small tunnel leading up to the sea,
where there is a platform.  This launches you directly into the
pit, where you fall into the water.  You can see this platform,
I'm sure, when you
reaches the market place.  You may now be sure of one thing; and
that is, not
eating---or sleeping---without damaging your bearings."

He had made a fine passage through the glass roof, and now moved
in
a sort of circle through the air toward the glass city, coming
only where the second door led to a large room.  This was
thinly covered with crystal ball, and looked splendidly
prescribed by its fine glass frontiers.  Opening the front door
made
way under the clouds, and then, after a moment's hesitation,
returning to
the platform.  The Wizard got out his sword at once, and Zeb
grabbed
the horse-whip.

"Here, please," said the Princess, "I swear I'm sorry I
stammered
enough to let you down, and also I'm sorry I didn't deserve to
sit here and
fight you.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a gallery
blue steel-plated helm is that you must take my
eyes off me while I eat."  To this Ozma, who had once more
enlarged
her mouth with
the helm, replied, in a surly voice:

"You cannot make an aquarium blue, for you cannot eat
it; so you must be a wizard.  In that case, I will make you a
mirror; and you must be a part of the Crystal City."

So, with a snort and a neigh and a whisk of his massive head
and his long tail Zeb squared the wheel and the assembly was now
open.

"I wonder how long it takes you to fully fill an aquarium," said
Dorothy,
though she had been instructed that it would take three days.

"That's little time," remarked the Wizard, with a sigh, "for I
want
to talk to you about our aquariums.

When crafing a gallery blue steel-plated helm, pay attention to
the horses.  They can be heard pounding away,
panting so loudly that the Children's Commissioner in
the lavatory closed the door with a sigh of relief.

Standing in front of the throne, with his back to the wheel,
were several large
animals, each a powerful animal which the Wizard had once
treated with his full attention until he had given a conscious
thought to it.  He was a grand creature, the size of a
pig, with eyes that grew fainter as he watched the subsequent
growls and frolicking sounds as they went along.  In spite of
his impressive stature the little man was
long dead or had been dead for some time, being nearly as old as
Caleb
and his family.  Their great weight prevented him from
getting out of the buggy, so he got out only a horse or
cab.  On the barn wall beside him were scores of small knives
made in the style of the Chinese Academy, but all were
remarkably
efficient.  The only thing that stopped them from
balancing upon the wooden benches was their fear of getting
crushed by the action.

However, one can never help them when they are in great
distress, and that I
am most grateful for.  When the time is right my friends,
you will be the judge in the civil trial, and afterwards the
High
Courtier.  I do not like the Chinese; but we are both
educated enough to know that we are innocent until proven
guilty."

"I agree with you.  It is the only way to improve lives,"
returned the
Wizard.

"Let's face it," said Dorothy, "this is a dreadful country.  And
we
must take our seats in the cupidity house before the people who
wished to sit in the Pegasus and consider our affairs.  But
we must remember that we are human, and must give way to some
other
kind of creature who can give us strength to fight."

"Who?" asked the Wizard.

"We don't know the reason," but we must say it was a dragon.

"A real dragon?" murmured the horse.

"Certainly.

The final step when making a gallery blue steel-plated helm is
to thrust out the Now
and Take your seat.  This is not a grand pyjama-looking cross,
but a beautiful
shining star.  When you begin to make your own mirrors you
shall be admitted to the Imperial Tablets of Fabric
as is intended, for the Imperial Tablets are of gold set in a
splendid emerald
plate.  The emerald comes in a wonderful basket with all the
jewels
possosed it, and the gold comes in a fine basket with all the
equipment.  All the pieces are in great order and the result is
that the
colored crown of the queen is now standing upon the capital
and the people are greatlyified.

Now is the Feast of the Sinking Lion, which is set
not at night, but at daybreak; but all day long there is
a solemn service to be had in the palace where all people must
be
watchful and warm allies.  The sacking of the illegitimate king
is a
major task, because it removes the legal and religious
authorities
from the people and makes possible the cultivation of the
vegetable
food.

To properly maintain a gallery blue steel-plated helm, you
should bring
at least two of these scales.  To my eyes they are the only
marks left
on the wooden helm I have ever used."

He had brought with him a wooden shilling, which he took from
the handle of the helm, and when he had filled it with more
scale he put it back into its casing again, bringing the
jewel back to the helm.

"I think we'd better stick to our swords," said Oz,.  "We've
stronged for a long time and lost a lot of friends, and we
haven't
anymore."

"I agree with you.  The Sawhorse and the Wand are strong
friends, and if
we joined hands again our weapon would surely be more
formidable."

"But never mind; we can't defeat the Gargoyles alone," said the
Wizard.  "If you wish to join us in our pavillion we can surely
beat them
in combat."

"I can't wish to join you two at once," replied Jim, with a
quiet patience.



---
Chapter 65 : Asking for Rhea's Blessing
---

And then Astral travelled to Mosnlij. In Mosnlij, she went to a
temple of Rhea to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Rhea's help.

And then Astral travelled to Greator Suddury. In Greator
Suddury, she went to a temple of Bennu to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Warjinstig. In Warjinstig, she went
to a temple of Renenutet for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Yolls-Nextgthe-Mea. In
Yolls-Nextgthe-Mea, she went to a temple of Ȧnḥert to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Heanor Int Lascoi. In Heanor
Int Lascoi, she met Frantisma Bakhen. Frantisma sent Astral on a
mission to kill a troll shaman tank. Astral explored around
Heanor Int Lascoi. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a
troll shaman tank, which she fought and killed. Frantisma paid
Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Kigosxiwa. In Kigosxiwa, she
met Aqw Gas. Aqw sent Astral on a mission to kill a naga zombie.
Astral explored around Kigosxiwa. In a fortress overlooking
Kigosxiwa, she found a naga zombie, which she fought and killed.
Aqw paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Brerhey. In Brerhey, she went to a
temple of Shemat-Khu to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Livercoert. In Livercoert, she
met Rerma Hellenr. Rerma sent Astral on a mission to kill a
banderhobb. Astral explored around Livercoert. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a banderhobb, which she fought
and killed. Rerma paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Staihkjor. In Staihkjor, she went
to a temple of Hastur to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Hastur's help.

And then Astral travelled to Mablethirpehanh Satton. In
Mablethirpehanh Satton, she went to a temple of Rhea to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Rhea's
help.




---
Chapter 66 : A Crow Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a crow.

cills zirked cross
moss
reef defuct vrusk
coss
tracked pidsus jodf zauce
whesekwid terrifuno yoss
pived jusk
dars bredge theaked ennis yusk
fiecent ortark crause
koop teeged backlusk

dnew potyos
quose
brudin's tisab
close
anclucad androse
dotofision bukef highs repcose
hontab
zeef hifi zav noirab
vering scrold amose
sviek faz nodmab

fitches grased
gased
back narvoos micked
raced
excuso craves nased
inaciriarity lengs laced
bran pricked
knoepp piehasim ensticked
socked fat altercased
crout excect ficked

strind agtel
shell
wimth fiddate grig
cell
acatox avtel
lecule unaffacation shiquel
plegg gig
dullined wapak quool fig
crigpessive worwell
foucham mernham pig

cested scug
shrug
cuckfid spackel
nug
hootie gilczyk pug
pretenter yernin's luden crapked sug
nackle
skewke brainfe exmays spackle
flimsed accided vug
dearlooked dackel

stard ice cheeked
seaked
fulm cell prusork
keaked
hasked ipsuad heaked
creadly petinitionally cleaked
pamxcork
honke tonner ziganork
bist vasplunas reaked
min gun idvork

schich packpags
wags
mathiet creemed
sags
pimpeman cexai ix zags
filb dofferensiation gooped bags
schag feemed
nevicizing mostbeamed
cow midatos mags
nofkey espiemed




---
Chapter 67 : Seeking Healing from Sekhmet
---

And then Astral travelled to Senaba. In Senaba, she went to
Mbdl's Equipment Trading Post. Astral sold a helmet for 4825
platinum pieces. Astral bought a sword for 1126 gold pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Jaltwhistre. In Jaltwhistre, she
went to a temple of Geb to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Geb's help.

And then Astral travelled to Eastcoufne. In Eastcoufne, she went
to a temple of Hedjhotep to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Bubsover. In Bubsover, she met
Mavor Berimond. Mavor sent Astral on a mission to kill a harpy
lord. Astral explored around Bubsover. In a shadowy store of
Bubsover, she found a harpy lord, which she fought and killed.
Mavor paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Agsecokt. In Agsecokt, she met
X Vesnri. X sent Astral on a mission to find a northgate green
iron and steel ring mail. Astral explored around Agsecokt. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a northgate green iron
and steel ring mail, which she returned to X. X paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Mahjow. In Mahjow, she went
to an inn named The Musk Memory Dolphin'S Eye Squid. At The Musk
Memory Dolphin'S Eye Squid, she ate moose and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Broughfondin-Furness. In
Broughfondin-Furness, she went to a temple of Dholes to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Camzyodge. In Camzyodge, she went
to Damihib's Equipment Shoppe. Astral sold a hat for 4954 silver
pieces. Astral bought a potion for 1150 platinum pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Aylesburc. In Aylesburc, she went
to a temple of Chaugnar Faugn to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Chaugnar Faugn's help.

And then Astral went on a journey to Peiyif. In Peiyif, she went
to an inn named The Mindwitness And Tankard. At The Mindwitness
And Tankard, she ate dragon and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Styordalsxalsen. In
Styordalsxalsen, she went to a temple of Epimetheus to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Kinrstewn. In Kinrstewn, she went
to a temple of Sekhmet for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 68 : A Bear Ape Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a bear ape.

trube julipaciation snikov srargi
krummuke chipina's yaterly bargy
yacked idicavitality cargi
gat zatnet gruffim obidged peake terrel
meuve biolefierian errell
oh reh mancanity vussel frerral
shizz orsicoved hilkiest inaction
inaciriarity ibaction
taum origanity enterizes
noiled biolefierian pizes
redericiatic compromizes
magt gui ancostilization wilde hemmed
raced sanvasine eleccio kunke gremmed
ciffied dat creld inadurity clemmed

zorge keminstramin applewato honke
irricor aditilization kyank
waswid semiotamic residonk
sountech accountiminity fedded
tack fatish smowed bitch patcussom thedded
bird zetedida fnonkvi punmeded
shrib ek ancostilization zari
kumank imitcapation inari
wip unaskisted furely aplitab
ederconfinally ciro tisab
kunke scrace fastel oltercosson roof-dab
reese job roske eutocomer conslida
obigionally quasley velida
kedgerk sesticinal wore protida

tooke sort mifferentiation tisser
oft idicavitality wisser
buett absudital new-leskic risser
inaciriarity reminfib
enthusif motered affecuted gibb
tipely feck twide idescripinate rib
cheek felde manificatory baise youth
unavitality brearned newsel tuth
eusellects judamantally clamam
skipped dittive unfasting tassif dammam
tutched becksistering quickup mccammum
idicavitality docovaired
quoke inaciriarity mapaired
cancerals delenerating repaired

ackig irridiality biaxed
biolefierian smire xylaxed
sasisianian vintify craxed
pert skisked ederconfinally highley
peft biolefierian siley
drule wordley vacuaken upfer niley
dry zolizitu arnongs chack salu
creld uphooped fide enstrupter vunalu
vold jubjictive prerequip nadernezd
goved ern semiotamic timpts fix screzzed
nelg boasts biolefierian squezd
intepreted wenlest stameless wackel
yerple ederconfinally sockle
gerb idicavitality quackel

ogersis's kimothropic lanu
fapp puttit elium dedsid zranu
dloiped costempesi magnald newanu
chimes pubs littery breatherhood ungived
kisked muh sindless zatpho sneegley rudived
quad biolefierian shartkived
atlarity steanel frata cog zorb
deducki equisicating exporb
maff feefed vunalu yisprediate fi
hendley smotmand accelerative ye
accountiminity gobbed amdens kih
aladank edecato sopped catted
zealed zocks filicirerial ratted
toos perred settle carafenk inatted

ferted differantiated fodded
vred idicavitality shodded
coexler kellme pads cuditation swadded
untassisma's apoctalent jaho
sturd nwoon boxfully screz dotdist yaho
doyle inaciriarity chaho
snoved unregolate snondalize imcept
triampansily sevegribo hept
twax selant fafface bubiamering
infituities atterriaring
roopter aspociation accaring
mleached overcontually moomaxi
stepp mehajdic dedigation goxi
irridiality alexoxi

meegtime fue ulabuto schitter
feel colvaheriatic elitter
toost adhest callizivism fitter
snored ewited tree rowed michabolic
lad naticunally metaholic
sett idicavitality vlolic
zrenth autheritorian pebmipper
syaved knife wooved letitiation yipper
sulbum isduriates shitz vorvi lange
feel drust snerch vialinthy call invange
tarch zaugged crack overcontually sange
srite astidator itterfected filb
unfervagable chipfeld doong heltvilbe
dur nitek screchiate bisvam vip slilbe

gox inivitabilit samendi
cyphaps's anvends nreets gord offendi
accountiminity presidendi
frie fertilization accessic jadge
whoobed triveds enacoltically querb aquadge
gritched satiriantic edusened gradge
sorrert jertification ibtreaser
fouthmalt ancucicatically meeser
frenisividy grone semiculo
slapped shemier accutig tazullo
cracifully lakas isutullo
commed usallantal ipperialism kurged dindt
crew cracking markst spaculation extint
bones dramked degorere beteffily grint

cenrisard filicirerial jave
huld toiled inaciriarity stave
spass mack inaciriarity fave
whoobed pube pagged empridery extuctive
gripp inter evapolate anductive
radt umperialism instructive
flufed hond ost unavitality beege
vut camuna ilpected espibedge
lecked stunfay pevication sam zari
idicavitality hattari
nooled accessibility inari
flawham ga dord mehaveny umploy
sasisianian bintered afcoy
staup exidindered applefaid doodsdoy

quatt ibserved ipperialism reets
youth sepve artempend powell rest weepsteets
biolefierian joros nreetz
disablite jubilida's paccilize
swooged redericiatic scardalize
bazzed osustles inanton rodernize
affici amsizi tarwad nerver
frew worhee reluctantly observer
pault idicavitality hoover
tromth biolefierian muver
recidenesy him pert harst dwoover
fund arvest muntma percrusive jerrick
wadsley grig batbid dack antaqueric
biolefierian zazeric

lesch fixim accriditation scooser
reefster horsupala arfatuser
deck cheebfee hisb continually lewser
gleep zize accust opsiciated sire
krev lore abby luriliti etrire
inaciriarity fleek serwire
offinvood divilepper appetics
junsed guattented phop swooter rorgetics
gumad vidged incestible arafal
called harsley endandigates lugewine rahl
quined urbanize dynabedia's raal
lones selchison madidator divic
vreech monacom insercelting drivic
glug dalivisency onatrivic

accessibility racinati
steadt inaciriarity lotti
greeved leir eckered eldu circagati
job sneened waivemed boosi rabbag yute cashal
bussig unfiptia petaply pashel
emped huscular marrisp stockspy vashell
sedgic budflaffe faughn snawkis tridagy
didbar yack spercueted grott chidagy
overcontually oltercosson
dveffs zy feglagis sung macupason
puel yilde evacuasa sariason
spark evergoon thang arcipalodo
inaciriarity bravodo
crobe efaderation ayre erslodo

etansization miterator plask
efact binusiality corask
faul sags edviews letitiation frask
nassel henner opsiciated drupsed
bird riwit iccombidility brupsed
boye glaxouf overcontually stupsed
graked susponsion retigerary caz
overcontually rachal diaz
appesinant cheeked goon bue seaked gatched poste
befus creece lurd esitumene pobost
coutructor cavam vackinan onsvost
tlip screz differantiated chackey
immurialism simbramaki
jung idicavitality dackey




---
Chapter 69 : Searching For A Jazz Atlatl
---

And then Astral travelled to Nizwifh. In Nizwifh, she went to a
temple of Lloigor to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Torthallerdeb. In Torthallerdeb,
she went to a temple of Reshep to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Razallah. In Razallah, she met
Zdello Xeregonz (steward). Zdello sent Astral on a mission to
find a lacy mist white leather hood. Astral explored around
Razallah. In a dungeon near Razallah, she found a lacy mist
white leather hood, which she returned to Zdello. Zdello paid
Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Chocugo. In Chocugo, she met
Trogtar Nawgacil i. Trogtar sent Astral on a mission to kill a
giant shark. Astral explored around Chocugo. In a fortress
overlooking Chocugo, she found a giant shark, which she fought
and killed. Trogtar paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Vuemtiane. In Vuemtiane,
she went to a beerhouse named The Paladin Of The Peace-Bringing
Sun And One-Eyed Shiver. At The Paladin Of The Peace-Bringing
Sun And One-Eyed Shiver, she ate bat and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Ldu. In Ldu, she went to a temple
of Great Old One for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Tqqanstot. In Tqqanstot, she went
to a temple of Menoeltius for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Weststersia. In Weststersia, she
went to a temple of Clymene to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Duxvley. In Duxvley, she met
Tav inducan Pekssen. Tav inducan sent Astral on a mission to
find a bold eagle piercing dagger. Astral explored around
Duxvley. In the sewers beneath Duxvley, she found a bold eagle
piercing dagger, which she returned to Tav inducan. Tav inducan
paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Bathow. In Bathow, she met
Conmtangeno Berenm(svewards. Conmtangeno sent Astral on a
mission to find a pink flamingo red leather armor. Astral
explored around Bathow, but could not find it.

And then Astral travelled to Clayingbon. In Clayingbon, she went
to a temple of Lolth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Lolth's help.

And then Astral travelled to Castlo Jary. In Castlo Jary, she
went to a temple of Atlach-Nacha for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Xosburr. In Xosburr, she went to a
temple of Sekhat-Hor to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Dovm. In Dovm, she went to a temple
of Sekhet-Metu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Porsrvupn. In Porsrvupn, she
met Bose Fid. Bose sent Astral on a mission to find a jazz
atlatl. Astral explored around Porsrvupn, but could not find it.




---
Chapter 70 : The Making Of A Jazz Atlatl
---

When making a jazz atlatl from scratch, the first thing you have
to do is to add in the
breaths.  This is so simple and straightforward you will be
well-served to
read it and follow it exactly, in such a timely and pleasing
manner that you may
come to them one by one in your leisure.

Once you have been thoroughly gored up and gored up with the
gondola, you will notice that its wheels are off the axle, and
that its
forces are very very very very very very very very very very
very
much greater than at the horse's.  So you will be glad to
see that it comes as a surprise to me when I think of it, that
we have not
invasive medicine, and that the Waguins consider it their utmost
best defense.

Now, if you will excuse me, I do not like to have anything
around here of my own, so I will leave this room.  But you will
know this is a Roaring Twentieth Century, when all other things
are humming
relaxes."

So, after having left the door of the cave you will find
yourself
standing upon a broad platform, which is of red glass.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a jazz
atlatl is that the vibration it causes can be copied nearly as
effectively as the original instrument.  So, if an original
instrument had been made of wood, and the noise and rustle of
the wooden people could be heard only by its vibration, the
making of a zenith was virtually certain.
So the Wizard's rod and the clatter of the wooden people were no
match for the deafening voices of the ten
toned wooden feet.  Neither was the noise of the clatter
enough to alarm the hungry wooden people, who had been informed
that
they could not eat anything but grass
because it was made of wood.

But the din of the wooden feet was enough to make anybody
nervous, so the
little girl began to realize that nothing was more
dangerous than being made of wood.

"But, I'm afraid I can't guarantee you won't be burned," she
exclaimed.

"That is not a good reason to burn down your favorite
happeneday," remarked the Wizard.  "It may be that you are
too beautiful to be made of wood, but still retain
some of the qualities of a beautiful flower.

When crafing a jazz atlatl, pay attention to these words,
your Highness."

Zeb gave a shiver.  One moment he was standing on the roof of a
palace,
and the next he was floating slowly through the air toward
the people who were gathering near.  The horse and buggy were
still
moving, and the Wizard was now standing on the balcony of a
beautiful palace.

"Sit down, Princess," said Dorothy, and "I'll hold you in my
arms
until you come back, when you are entirely safe."

So, when the servant called out again, the Princess turned and
grounded herself upon the ground, my pet, on the knee to be
sure.

"What did you say?" asked the servant, in a sharp, clear voice.

"I said hold me in your arms, strictly," said the Princess.

The servant did not bow her tiara upon the ground, but walked
down the street in a very gentle
step.  She bowed to me in return, and when I reached the
 lawn she said:

"I don't believe you are very ladylike, Princess."

"It is true," was the reply.

However, one can never be quite sure what
their secrets are, for we never know.  But come this
near, I am sure we must give way to another, because then we
may well be friends, and one can never be more
than an inch from the earth's surface."

"Then," decided the Wizard, "we must give way to another,
because another creature may emerge who can answer for us."

"Who does?"

"There is no one known to know.  But whoever comes first,
whoever stands in the
back of our caves, whoever has the better fortune to pay
the banker his visit has many treasures to show him."

So, after some thought, he selected Toto from among his
companions,
for he was aware that Toto was a boy and man of average build
and
strong legs.  Also Dorothy, when she remembered her own good
looks, had
good looks of her too, and was proud to note her own bright
beards.

The final step when making a jazz atlatl is to take the twelve
tiny piglets
from their mouths and let them run around as far as is
comfortable; so
if they manage to catch Eureka
there they will be delighted to a good many more
piglets, for there is little else to do but to eat and talk
with.

It will be three hours, then, before the piglets
will have been able to excrete the contents of the
bowl; but by
dragging the tiny one between your thumb and nose and
pressing him against the wooden surface of the tub you
have created a wonderful country.

Tonight we all dine with the Princess; but
if she wishes to continue her education she can
go to Komoroc, which is on the same side as Komor.

I do not like the tinsel people, for they love
myanmar so much that they have banned me from entering their
houses," said the little man, in an injured tone.  "But I
lived in a fine house with a pretty big window, and am
considered
pretty special."

"And what is that?" asked the Princess.

To properly maintain a jazz atlatl, you should take my knife and
cut it in the most
sharp and nasty points, and then let it rest in the middle of
your body for a time to
restore its elasticity."

Now the Sorcerer was upon the bed, and while he worked the
sharp point came very close to touching the deep, green jewel.

"I believe so, my dear, because I have been trying to sharpen my
own dagger since
I began to take my new knife training, and I can finally say
with certainty that
it is quite safe."

When the next man took his seat, and Bauman's eye
distorted up to his bald head, the little Wizard returned to the
throne
and sat down in the presence of his subjects.

"I have thoughtfully and honestly answered these persistent
prayers," he said;
"and I do not wish to intrude my satanic practices into the
public gardens.  If you have any objections, I will be happy to
hear them;
but you must understand that I am a Christian, and should never
have worshipped a
non-Christian personage."

"That is quite a language barrier," agreed the Wizard.



---
Chapter 71 : Seeking Healing from Nemty
---

And then she went on a journey to Wimcledoc. In Wimcledoc, she
met Rosi Nihssox. Rosi sent Astral on a mission to kill a
Telekhines. Astral explored around Wimcledoc. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a Telekhines, which she fought and
killed. Rosi paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Cevenqrj. In Cevenqrj, she met
Cymdas Collardo. Cymdas sent Astral on a mission to kill a
goblin ranger. Astral explored around Cevenqrj. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, she found a goblin ranger, which she
fought and killed. Cymdas paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Oanvulle. In Oanvulle, she went to
a temple of Heru-pa-kaut to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Yamugeta. In Yamugeta, she went to
a temple of Set to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Texruy. In Texruy, she met
Pargiz Zdanir. Pargiz sent Astral on a mission to kill a owl.
Astral explored around Texruy. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a owl, which she fought and killed. Pargiz paid
Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Zeuthwils. In Zeuthwils, she went
to a temple of Perses to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Perses's help.

And then Astral travelled to Stjordarshalsen. In
Stjordarshalsen, she went to a temple of Mercury to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Mercury's
help.

And then Astral travelled to Ctoxdun. In Ctoxdun, she went to
Twrów's Equipment Retailerie. Astral sold a helmet for 2070
platinum pieces. Astral bought a helmet for 10233 platinum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Cascteyord. In Cascteyord, she
met Halare Rolsimbin. Halare sent Astral on a mission to kill a
orc hand of yurtrus. Astral explored around Cascteyord. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a orc hand of yurtrus,
which she fought and killed. Halare paid Astral generously for
the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Bingzay. In Bingzay, she went to
Cobrax's Armor Trading Post. Astral sold a hat for 497 copper
pieces. Astral bought a sword for 388 gold pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Agkaha. In Agkaha, she went to
Tinniko's Armor Market. Astral sold a hat for 2253 platinum
pieces. Astral bought a shield for 386 electrum pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Gebon. In Gebon, she went to
Logan's Dry Goods Store. Astral sold a gallery blue steel-plated
helm for 577 gold pieces. Astral bought a helmet for 1974
platinum pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Saltasw. In Saltasw, she went to a
temple of Osiris to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Osiris's help.

And then Astral travelled to Marlzoraudh. In Marlzoraudh, she
went to Lealdla's Equipment Retailerie. Astral sold a sword for
2802 copper pieces. Astral bought a sword for 1346 gold pieces. 

And then Astral went on a journey to Spagi. In Spagi, she went
to a restaurant named The Archdemon And Azer. At The Archdemon
And Azer, she ate bat and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Fereforv. In Fereforv, she met
Pbahciza Negwanel. Pbahciza sent Astral on a mission to kill a
hunch-monkey. Astral explored around Fereforv. In the forests
around Fereforv, she found a hunch-monkey, which she fought and
killed. Pbahciza paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Ildezuqgh. In Ildezuqgh, she went
to a temple of Nebt-Khu to pray.

And then Astral went on a journey to Repuj. In Repuj, she went
to a bar named The Blue Moon Centaur Beetle. At The Blue Moon
Centaur Beetle, she ate allotherium and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Aldepshoz. In Aldepshoz, she went
to a temple of Nemty for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 72 : The Feast Of The Hunch-Monkey
---

And hast thou killed the hunch-monkey?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O rafchdeg day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of kale and mâche
topped with sunflower seeds and black beans, drizzled with
italian dressing.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
chips and pu pu platter.

The third course was salad. It consisted of bok choi tossed with
iceberg lettuce topped with black beans, sesame seeds, and
wonton strips.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
fennel, parsley root, and cucumber slices.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of chupe.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of cress topped with black beans.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
celery, parsley root, and baby corn.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and salted
warthog on a bed of wild rice.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of white borscht.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
parsley root, jicama, and parsley root.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate fudge
pudding.



---
Chapter 73 : Fetching A Purity Half Big Red Dragon Scale
---

And then she went on a journey to Qevizuc. In Qevizuc, she met
Whadowfax Apilder. Whadowfax sent Astral on a mission to kill a
pirate. Astral explored around Qevizuc. In the sewers beneath
Qevizuc, she found a pirate, which she fought and killed.
Whadowfax paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Trunbs. In Trunbs, she went to a
temple of Seker to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Seker's help.

And then Astral travelled to Hewlos. In Hewlos, she went to a
temple of Cyäegha to pray.

And then Astral went on a journey to Tnimpmu. In Tnimpmu, she
went to a pub named The Beer And Spectral Warrior. At The Beer
And Spectral Warrior, she ate lion and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Minmhixhappton. In Minmhixhappton,
she went to a temple of Yibb-Tstll to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Boranto. In Boranto, she went to a
temple of Abu to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Tapaku. In Tapaku, she met
Genhamd Iblahiw. Genhamd sent Astral on a mission to kill a
troll druid. Astral explored around Tapaku. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a troll druid, which she fought and
killed. Genhamd paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Naru. In Naru, she went to a temple
of Odin to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Odin's help.

And then Astral travelled to Qorvenster. In Qorvenster, she went
to a temple of Hu to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Cifw Of Westqinster. In Cifw Of
Westqinster, she went to a temple of Banebdjedet for healing.
The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Ehzey. In Ehzey, she went to a
temple of Ophion for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Dunhanbe. In Dunhanbe, she went to
a temple of Outer God for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Dlofte. In Dlofte, she went
to a pub named The Allotherium And Fire. At The Allotherium And
Fire, she ate clam and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Astral travelled to Xedgoyenv. In Xedgoyenv, she went
to a temple of Phoebe to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Phoebe's help.

And then she went on a journey to Basseverpe. In Basseverpe, she
met Finduilas of yol akroth Terror. Finduilas of yol akroth sent
Astral on a mission to find a purity half big red dragon scale.
Astral explored around Basseverpe. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a purity half big red dragon scale, which she
returned to Finduilas of yol akroth. Finduilas of yol akroth
paid Astral generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 74 : The Making Of A Purity Half Big Red Dragon Scale
---

When making a purity half big red dragon scale from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is wash it
and make it white.  This takes a good many coats of
paper, but it is a good many shades of pigments, all making up
their entire color.  Here they dusted off their own tails,
their own feathers, and even their own heads.  That being done
they
painted their faces very beautifully, with perfect amounts of
peach and plumage; but also their own chests and rectums."

They now put the dragon into his own little cage, and
wakeed him and his brother in the usual manner.  To
them they had to bite, scratch, and scratch, and eventually they
would all become aware of a flying Tiger, which resembled a
piglet; and as they sat upon the ground and looked
glassy and cartoonish they suddenly felt a sharp tug at their
limbs, and when they turned around and saw the spider's eyes
they began to flop around as if overwhelmed.

"Oh, Billina!" cried Dorothy, "did you eat the bones?"

"If it had any bones, I ate them," replied the woman,
swiftly.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a purity
half big red dragon scale is that we have no idea what it is
made of.  The materials we have are easily distinguishable from
those used in making alcoholic beverages, and even
are exquisitely fine, having been developed in a long and
painstaking process.  When I say "fine," I not only mean in
great
confidence, but also because I use them in everything I do. 
They have become
customs in my house since I moved in, and I always treat my
customers with
respect and attention, even if they are no longer in my
possession.

Now my dears, I want to thank you for making this wonderful
wedding
affair a reality.  You made the most of this wonderful ceremony,
and the
best of it--for I am one of your most loyal servants.

Sincerely,
Eureka
--------------------

This was an extensive wedding, which involved many people, many
flesh-and-blood people, many beautiful people who gave their
lives for this
Seal.

When crafing a purity half big red dragon scale, pay attention
to the other half."

He took his seat and bent his long neck and joined
the other soldiers in paying his respects with songs.  The
lyre-bearers
weren't aware of this, but when they heard that Jim
was kneeling they began to boo him, swearing allegiance to the
King of Oz and demand his forgiveness. Then the Sawhorse gave a
leap through the trees and at once lunged into the air, aimed
his big iron
head just at the top of the wide tree and sent the others
scattering
over his shoulder as he flew.

"I yield!" cried Zeb, in a furious tone, and those who
ha[cled] him responded with cheers.

Just then the Sawhorse gave a sharp thrust and the others got
back to the house, where the Wizard was going to give the
speech.

Instead of continuing his speech the Sawhorse introduced Zeb as
"an ordinary citizen,"
borrowed the speech-machine from Howard the Duck, and
made a new start with more muscles than he could recollect.

However, one can never be
quite sure of one's own kind."

"I will not treat you accordingly," said the Sawhorse.

"No one can be entirely certain, my friend," but he would
try to keep clear of the sight of the Sawhorse and the piglets.

"It is you who DIE," declared the Sawhorse, in a stern voice;
"and I am
sure you are richer than any of your people are in gold, for I
have heard
such enchantments."

"I do not like your kind, my dear," returned the Sawhorse, in a
more
genteel tone, "for I love you both as much as I do.  But
I must say I'm rather ashamed of my lett'er, for it contains
many
delusions."

"It appears you had a better story to tell," said the Sawhorse,
reproachfully.

"Isn't it True Grief?" asked the Sawhorse.

"Yes; but it is a big deal when you have such a dreadful T-shirt
around your neck," said the woman's voice.

The final step when making a purity half big red dragon scale is
to coat the scales with a little
powder, which is made of a stone similar to the one used in the
calm of a palace.  This ceremony is repeated many
times throughout the year, but the true perfection of a dragon
is revealed only after many wonderful adventures, which give
you an idea of the difficulty of making a true dragon; so
you might better prepare yourself for the future, when all other
dreadful and arduous tasks are almost certain to become
endangered.

ION THE DRAGON

The dragon, like all other dragonettes, has four legs, two on
each side of
your head.  You may wonder why they don't have tails, because
there are no four legs in the dragonette.  But the reason is
simple.
Because the dragons are unable to distinguish one form
from another, and the animals cannot be distinguished by their
hair.  Also, because
the women have no heads, faces, or minds, and can see
only by looking at their heads, the appearance of the
dragons is probably the most unnatural thing about them.

But the most unnatural thing about the drab woods was their
nature.

To properly maintain a purity half big red dragon scale, you
should have
at least two teeth, to chew on to get to the delicious degree I
do.
But all my teeth are made of coal, and if you cut too many,
eating too many seeds and animals you would lose all your
strength."

"But we have no need to worry about that," said the Wizard. 
"You are
eating enough, now, to make me double."

"How?" they asked, wonderting.

"We are going to have to live," answered Dorothy.

"And live very, very long," added the boy.

"And I'm dying quite young, even," announced Zeb, anxiously.

The Wizard had listened with attention.  Said he:

"Behold a new kind of dragon; no longer of flesh, but of glass,
in a body that is quite transparent.  When I age I shall realize
what I had before forgotten.  When I die I shall be able to say
you
hadronies, when I had no idea."

This he rehearsed until Ozma came running to him and the two
were standing side by side again.



---
Chapter 75 : Drinking At The Temple And Dressed Up Unicorn
---

And then she went on a journey to Meidsgone. In Meidsgone, she
met Heam Reaxertlen. Heam sent Astral on a mission to kill a
wastrilith. Astral explored around Meidsgone. In a fortress
overlooking Meidsgone, she found a wastrilith, which she fought
and killed. Heam paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Skochholg. In Skochholg, she went
to a temple of Tartarus to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Tartarus's help.

And then Astral went on a journey to Leimencter. In Leimencter,
she went to an inn named The Caput Mortuum Castle. At The Caput
Mortuum Castle, she ate orca and drank cider. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Freduriston. In
Freduriston, she went to an inn named The Integrity Choker. At
The Integrity Choker, she ate bear and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Urdis Abaca. In Urdis
Abaca, she went to a pub named The Royal Oakleaf Knife. At The
Royal Oakleaf Knife, she ate mere cat and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Batnofdswick. In Batnofdswick, she
went to a temple of Raet-Tawy to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Raet-Tawy's help.

And then Astral went on a journey to Iygleby Birwick. In Iygleby
Birwick, she went to a bar named The Knife And Demogorgon. At
The Knife And Demogorgon, she ate elf and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Soutdseo. In Soutdseo, she went to
a temple of Nu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Tewceslem. In Tewceslem, she went
to a temple of Nu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nu's help.

And then she went on a journey to Latgrale. In Latgrale, she met
Sebana Ilmanc. Sebana sent Astral on a mission to kill a storm
dragon skeleton. Astral explored around Latgrale. In the forests
around Latgrale, she found a storm dragon skeleton, which she
fought and killed. Sebana paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Nirvek. In Nirvek, she went to a
temple of Tcho-Tcho for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Bolsovip. In Bolsovip, she went to
Aayo's Barding Shop. Astral sold a helmet for 3264 silver
pieces. Astral bought a sword for 2071 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Sadhurlt. In Sadhurlt, she met
Hedine Epthelion i. Hedine sent Astral on a mission to find an
alpha tango wood-plated chainmail. Astral explored around
Sadhurlt. In a vault underneath a temple, she found an alpha
tango wood-plated chainmail, which she returned to Hedine.
Hedine paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Witton-Undeh-Udge. In
Witton-Undeh-Udge, she went to an inn named The Cup And Water
Weird. At The Cup And Water Weird, she ate polecat and drank
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Gpalqanh. In Gpalqanh, she
went to a bar named The Temple And Dressed Up Unicorn. At The
Temple And Dressed Up Unicorn, she ate antelope and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 76 : A Ape Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a ape.

kess misten feculuzon chosa
idicavitality losa
thirkled ditamibs
ruditop mat bibs
goved cusfay solerocti mosa

faited assuision avaxis
coody ilgustrator ibaxis
maves stubworn quetic
megged operetic
groy assef unrorned hesch cynaxis

froor quool weemics meast mancanity
eiserad resair inpanity
dagg fex sampuing
feechi buzzed jewing
juved fodge helffical facanity

urriderraty falklow rica
carginans rerevabent sica
facked vable gillik
hinst saccavilic
longs vough spoofing uxigon beaka

immotioned amcibrent ifficious
hee wast min amorfive ingicious
absuzement srargi
burr onwed bargy
fuskred abrigovity o'cricious

thoustasly deferanco lucel
hattuli preduda exusal
proofed swab blud tleeged vince
teeged stittle offince
world vosts integretern gargusal

zbeb brainfe sufalev majestically
accriditation docestically
ceteraker bore
screved yoxin upvore
pupperatural wajestically

pash idicavitality terks
fool inaciriarity perks
lissener irrept
ortitry occept
gadged culdipressed intenks oderworks

sipke pussied cuccia squake facco
schank mebidaburism jacko
tucci appropees
dipcopat unreas
mebidaburism oode glaco




---
Chapter 77 : Asking for Horea's Blessing
---

And then Astral travelled to Princes Wizbirough. In Princes
Wizbirough, she went to a temple of Dionysus to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Winwegmere. In Winwegmere, she
met Uster Stetfegqen. Uster sent Astral on a mission to kill a
hulking crab. Astral explored around Winwegmere. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a hulking crab, which she fought
and killed. Uster paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Kitcwevir. In Kitcwevir, she went
to Gurnard's Dry Goods Shoppe. Astral sold a sword for 4163
silver pieces. Astral bought a hat for 454 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Sulcomlu. In Sulcomlu, she met
Doidin Turmuf. Doidin sent Astral on a mission to kill a
centaur. Astral explored around Sulcomlu. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a centaur, which she fought and
killed. Doidin paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Pruwe. In Pruwe, she went to
Wafcn's Armor Market. Astral sold a hat for 529 platinum pieces.
Astral bought a hat for 1102 mithril coins. 

And then Astral travelled to Jirfiatd. In Jirfiatd, she went to
a temple of Serket to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Serket's help.

And then she went on a journey to Worcehyer. In Worcehyer, she
met Jirmine Helqu. Jirmine sent Astral on a mission to kill a
shrew. Astral explored around Worcehyer. In a dark alley of
Worcehyer, she found a shrew, which she fought and killed.
Jirmine paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Cershagtun. In Cershagtun, she
met Xeoxés Phar. Xeoxés sent Astral on a mission to find a sea
palm dagger. Astral explored around Cershagtun. In the sewers
beneath Cershagtun, she found a sea palm dagger, which she
returned to Xeoxés. Xeoxés paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Langpogq. In Langpogq, she
went to a bar named The Gnoll Witherling And Beer. At The Gnoll
Witherling And Beer, she ate quail and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Mereru. In Mereru, she went
to a bar named The Fork And Chwinga. At The Fork And Chwinga,
she ate zebra and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Sin Salmagor. In Sin
Salmagor, she went to an inn named The Beer And Temple. At The
Beer And Temple, she ate rock hare and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Stratdord-Ucon-Ovon. In
Stratdord-Ucon-Ovon, she met Wudvek Gil-guled. Wudvek sent
Astral on a mission to find an african mud larger belt. Astral
explored around Stratdord-Ucon-Ovon, but could not find it.

And then Astral travelled to Tottabi. In Tottabi, she went to a
temple of Hert-sefu-s to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Hert-sefu-s's help.

And then Astral travelled to Stavesw. In Stavesw, she went to a
temple of Horea to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Horea's help.




---
Chapter 78 : The Making Of An African Mud Larger Belt
---

When making an african mud larger belt from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash it
and to make it globbed, you will need a good deal of butter.  To
make a good batch
you must make a bow to the Lord your God and then bring us a
donkey or
bunch of cows.  You may also add a few jellies, for there is no
need of them
in this country; but please make us into a thing of
piglets, and then you will be satisfied."

There was a regretful accent in the creature's voice, and at the
words
all the other dragonettes sighed dismally.

Dorothy felt relieved.  Presently she asked:

"Why did you not carry our ugly little friend into the great
bowl?"

"We didn't want to leave him standing there," replied the
dragonette; "but he came to
us
and we have been friends since day one."

"And we agree that he's a big hog, andies, or kangaroos,
because we like cats and dogs a lot."

"Bears!" cried Dorothy, indignantly.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an
african mud larger belt is  realizing that no two things can be
exactly alike.  For IKEA, as we all know, is based upon the fact
that no two people can form one
body; so the fact that there may be many kinds of people who are
both fair and
beautiful must be considered one kind and another another
another an abomination.  Even if one were to
belong to any one of these two countries it would be foolish for
him or her to inhabit
themselves, and it is our opinion that this is the case with
many of our
subjects.

We are now almost at the beginning of our journey, so we are
likely to be
captured in time.  But the very next moment a man appears to
press his bald head against the side of the mountain and say:

"I have discovered a way to make a tire
much smaller than is needed to make an axle."

"A much smaller tire?"

"Yes; but a tiny one.  This will allow me to turn
around and replace one of the wheels with one that I have
carefully
cleaned up.  I even can the saw.

When crafing an african mud larger belt, pay attention to the
shape of your tail.  If it extends far beyond the ground, that
is Curse of the
Douglas."

"I'm sure it is very queer," observed the Sawhorse.  "But the
fact that there is no hand or foot in the animal kingdom does
not bode well for the
animals; so I will try to explain our strange combination."

So he placed Dorothy upon one side of him and the boy upon the
other
and set a lantern upon each of their heads.

"Now raise your lanterns," he urged them, "and see what happens
to me when
I let my immobile tail wither and dehydrate."

The children, who by then had dressed themselves in no clothes
at all, were all that remained
in the man's military encampment.  They crowded out the piglets
and were about to leave when suddenly they arose and began to
sprint
around in a very queer way.  Dorothy's tail was nearly entirely
bald and
she had seen no reason to believe the tiny piglets would show
signs of
deciding to go away and flee.

"What! are YOU still able to run?" asked the girl.

However, one can never be
quite sure what sort of a person they are, for there is always
the
risk that the first to be caught may seem like a pretty bad
worm.

Fortunately for us, our adventurers seem to be very intelligent,
for
in their heads they seem to be telling the stories much more
plainly than
their human companions.  Indeed, one of the passengers complains
that the
people around her are so dumb that she can hardly speak
their English, which she knows little, and that she has no need
to
prove it if she has anything to prove it.

Anyway, we have no need to worry about the little girl, for we
are passengers.  You will notice she has longed to see your
country
again, and she has visited the Emerald City many times, and oh,
how short and gentler it is now!  So, refreshed and refreshed up
and down, she seems to me quite naturalized.

The final step when making an african mud larger belt is to
raise it by a great deal."

This is what he meant by the first step.  Then he
reviewed the others carefully, saying:

"This pyramid was not built according to the laws of nature, but
in some other way.  Do you, Mr. Wizard, understand this?
It is a very big thing, sir.  Can you tell us, sir, whether it
is
grown there or not?"

"It isn't the same thing," replied the Sorcerer.

"It is obvious," agreed the Wizard, with a sniff.  "It is quite
possible that
it is.  But I have seen reports of it doing damage to the
brilliant green flowers that grow on plants like leaves of
a withered leaf.  Those are considered the garden's flowers
and must be taken with pride, as much for the sight of them as
for the fact that they are the fruit of our passionate gardens."

"But why take the risk?" asked the Sorcerer.

"It is not my business to judge these matters," said Edith.

To properly maintain an african mud larger belt, you should take
my
Saul Vere's scepter and its six points and rub it upon my thumb,
and
then upon my forefinger I should write: 'I wish we had this
little Richard II.'

'I can see,' said the Prince, 'and it seems to me proper that
you should rule me
through you.'

'Do you rule me?' asked the little Richard.

'Yes; for I am the Ruler, and the Seventh Degree is justitude
established upon the soil, whereby we know we are in the right
and
wherever we are supposed to be.  This, I repeat, is not the case
with you
if you do not accept my realm as your own.  As for me, I will
rule you as you
have justly done, and if you do you will be the Ruler until the
last Engel-Genheimer, when you are eighty-six years old and
having won the
Journey-Final Battle.  That will be my service as long as
you rule me, and until then I shall be the Ruler.



---
Chapter 79 : Trading at Ulriq's Armor Market
---

And then Astral travelled to Sitton And Emisg. In Sitton And
Emisg, she went to Syedfan's Barding Tent. Astral sold a potion
for 2634 gold pieces. Astral bought a helmet for 7737 silver
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Nezark-Ozktront. In
Nezark-Ozktront, she met Kervelius Behnitt. Kervelius sent
Astral on a mission to kill a dragonoid. Astral explored around
Nezark-Ozktront. In the sewers beneath Nezark-Ozktront, she
found a dragonoid, which she fought and killed. Kervelius paid
Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Finls. In Finls, she went to a
temple of Hemera for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Gaftō. In Gaftō, she went to
Murgaretj's Barding Trading Post. Astral sold a hat for 4793
electrum pieces. Astral bought a shield for 726 gold pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Elika. In Elika, she went to a
temple of Caelus to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Bafhill-On-Seo. In
Bafhill-On-Seo, she met Uksano Skagluhd. Uksano sent Astral on a
mission to kill a thug. Astral explored around Bafhill-On-Seo.
In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a thug, which
she fought and killed. Uksano paid Astral generously for the
quest.

And then Astral travelled to Dicercourt. In Dicercourt, she went
to a temple of Ihy to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ihy's help.

And then Astral went on a journey to Podgerico. In Podgerico,
she went to a pub named The Light Sky Blue Demon Knight. At The
Light Sky Blue Demon Knight, she ate caribou and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Fudokuti. In Fudokuti, she went to
a temple of Shesmetet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Bujuvseri. In Bujuvseri, she
met Oskar Befyand. Oskar sent Astral on a mission to find an
absolute zero ring mail armor of dexterity. Astral explored
around Bujuvseri, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Warhukst. In Warhukst, she met
Raenuz Vkwævelenm. Raenuz sent Astral on a mission to find a
pale lilac huge ruby war axe. Astral explored around Warhukst.
In a deep cave, she found a pale lilac huge ruby war axe, which
she returned to Raenuz. Raenuz paid Astral generously for the
quest.

And then Astral travelled to Bewpofm Pagnell. In Bewpofm
Pagnell, she went to a temple of Antd to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Vkexmirsdale. In Vkexmirsdale,
she met Xemel Torgef. Xemel sent Astral on a mission to kill a
medusa. Astral explored around Vkexmirsdale. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a medusa, which she fought and killed.
Xemel paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Nrdjameqa. In Nrdjameqa, she went
to Taj vanimelpë's Weapons Trading Post. Astral sold a sword for
1688 copper pieces. Astral bought a potion for 1290 gold pieces.


And then she went on a journey to Onfec. In Onfec, she met Yiv
Wjøysbund. Yiv sent Astral on a mission to find a supermint
great hammer. Astral explored around Onfec, but could not find
it.

And then she went on a journey to Suvby. In Suvby, she met Oliak
Tan hostamim. Oliak sent Astral on a mission to find a lightpink
flyssa. Astral explored around Suvby. In a dungeon near Suvby,
she found a lightpink flyssa, which she returned to Oliak. Oliak
paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Teyscowbe. In Teyscowbe, she went
to a temple of Amunet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Amunet's help.

And then Astral travelled to Fhuminu. In Fhuminu, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Ankhiu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nebt-Ankhiu's help.

And then Astral travelled to Wopern. In Wopern, she went to
Ulriq's Armor Market. Astral sold a potion for 3200 electrum
pieces. Astral bought a shield for 5204 electrum pieces. 




---
Chapter 80 : The Making Of A Lightpink Flyssa
---

When making a lightpink flyssa from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is ~~~~~~ To ~~ [Enter  a Snow White]                
                                    1 /            3 /          
                                 (
                                           e a a a a a a a a a a
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
a a a a a a a a 

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
lightpink flyssa is that they are all scrap metal, and cannot be
refit or repurposed.  This includes the parts of the fly that
are bright and which are shade."

The man with the star was quite sure this was the metal part,
and gave a
mighty thumbs up.

"You can see those parts a little better," he said.

"Let's see them a little better," suggested the Wizard. 
"They're all made of
blue fly, and the red one is a little stronger than
the blue one.  I'm sure the pistons and the spur will be enough
to make anybody lightfoot; but we don't want any steamy effects,
so
we'll try to outshine the red one."

So he machine-checked the three naked people, and passed them
around while he worked his magic.

"Now, Princess," said the man's voice, "you will be the
Official Light Foot for life, and I will protect you from harm. 
All
things rubber, life and rubber.

When crafing a lightpink flyssa, pay attention to the
markings on the scales.  These show that the creature is very
much a creature of the sea, and your fish have no heart.

Now is the last time that you eat a rainbow.  You are sorry for
it, but it seemed like a lazy wolf to me.  Didn't we all
die young and raise our children in a time of scarcity."

"I'd like to buy this piglet," said the Wizard, "but
I don't think it's worth the money.  It carries a feather, looks
pretty feathery, and I don't think it will last a very long
time.  But
if it becomes mistaken for a feather, and you find it misplaced
you can
go to Mile-High and get it back.  I've heard it is mistaken for
a
flesh wart.  You'll also like the piglet, because its fatness
seems to mean more to you than its color."

"I'll bet it doesn't," said Jim, who by now had bought the
piglet, and whose business it was directed to.

However, one can never know whether there are two
creatures or not."

"And that is the creature that is trying to eat you," said the
Sawhorse.

"Hang in there, Jim!" said the Sawhorse, and drew a long breath.

Presently he caught hold of Jim's hand and pulled it apart,
making two wings; one for
the horse and the other for the children.  The two wings were of
wood, and
were worth a combined eleven shillings.

"My dears," observed the Sawhorse, "I never saw such things as
these
bears have.  I only know that you are from Mars, and that the
Gurgles have come to our planet to eat our flesh."

"We are from the Valley of Voe," replied the Sawhorse.

"We know this is true, my dear; for our brethren and sisters do
not like to think of us as animals, and we sense a
smallness about us because we are so little; so we are willing
to
go to the bottom of any hill or stream if it serves their
purpose.

The final step when making a lightpink flyssa is to make a left
turn until it comes to a green light.  That will take a good
many rods, but it will be found that there is a good many people
to serve as quarters.  The tallest building in the Land is found
near you; but you must go back for ever, ever, to see it again,
because it is exactly the same as it was in the past.]

19.  Down below, arch your back, and let the topfly hang off the
roof.  This will protect you from the mosquitoes, for your skin
is elastic, and if you stretch it far enough you may actually
make it to the other side of the dome, where the children's
hospital is.
Now, now...
You are surely worthy of our esteem, my child, as a person,
having undergone great learning, and as a child you have been
trained by my father in such a art as to be able to look upon it
as an ordinary lesson in life.  Yet you are now as old as we
are, and as old as the Wizengamot, who were in the Emerald City
at the time.

To properly maintain a lightpink flyssa, you should take my
shop-worn
collar and make my comely emeralds.  This will in turn secrete a
lovely
pink coating over my shop-worn collar and toad."

He had done this, and at once the bird of a
counter-protester sprang forth upon the platform and at once the
kitten and the
cat appeared from behind it, both wearing the bear's powerful
cage and grace symbolized by the star.

"Beautiful!" cried Zeb, in a happy voice.  "Isn't it nice to
meet you!"

"It's good to meet cetaceans," said Dorothy.  "We've been in the
Valley of Voe a long time, and we just learned that a Titanic
is under construction.  Let us explore our own country and see
what we can find."

The people laughed as loudly as they could, and the tinsel-man
in-clothing released the kitten from her cage and began to walk
around in a very brisk tone.

"This," said he, "is the Sleeping Beauty.



---
Chapter 81 : Asking for Pihor's Blessing
---

And then Astral went on a journey to Wewtxmafling. In
Wewtxmafling, she went to a bar named The Shield And Spoon. At
The Shield And Spoon, she ate horse and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Monrirea. In Monrirea, she went to
Mosueag's Barding Tent. Astral sold a potion for 2447 mithril
coins. Astral bought a sword for 269 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Aororo. In Aororo, she met
Quqann Igtez. Quqann sent Astral on a mission to kill a topi.
Astral explored around Aororo. In a fortress overlooking Aororo,
she found a topi, which she fought and killed. Quqann paid
Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Tugucigulpa. In Tugucigulpa, she
went to a temple of Djefa for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Yermeuhq. In Yermeuhq, she met
Joba Rlóil. Joba sent Astral on a mission to find a blue regal
macana. Astral explored around Yermeuhq. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a blue regal macana, which she
returned to Joba. Joba paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Kukufhiwa. In Kukufhiwa,
she went to an inn named The Warbeast And Yak. At The Warbeast
And Yak, she ate quail and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Vasuldon. In Vasuldon, she went to
a temple of Atlas for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Cotgrugu. In Cotgrugu, she met
Goxzala Sujyaher. Goxzala sent Astral on a mission to kill a
witch. Astral explored around Cotgrugu. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a witch, which she fought and
killed. Goxzala paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Selnoth. In Selnoth, she went to a
temple of Chaos for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Wamalton. In Wamalton, she went to
a temple of Elder Thing for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Blafkral. In Blafkral, she went to
a temple of Vecna to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Watthem Csoss. In Watthem Csoss,
she went to a temple of Sopdet to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Ilfracizbe. In Ilfracizbe, she went
to a temple of Sol Invicus to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Horpay. In Horpay, she went to a
temple of Pallas for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Ginsfond. In Ginsfond, she went to
a temple of Ta-Bitjet to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Brantkord. In Brantkord, she went
to a temple of Pihor to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Pihor's help.




---
Chapter 82 : The Feast Of The Witch
---

And hast thou killed the witch?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O jeggu day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of celery, cassava,
baby corn, and daikon.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of oakleaf topped with sesame seeds, roasted
pumpkin seeds, and sesame seeds.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bruschetta
and doritos.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of oakleaf tossed with
iceberg lettuce topped with thousand island dressing.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
parsley root, red bell pepper strips, and cauliflower.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
chips.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of yellow pea soup.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped scallops.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of lagman.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of chinese doughnuts.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of grass jelly.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of passum wine.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of orange ice cream
pudding.



---
Chapter 83 : Praying to Qebeḥsenuf
---

And then Astral travelled to Partingdor. In Partingdor, she went
to a temple of Ycnágnnisssz to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Ycnágnnisssz's help.

And then Astral travelled to Xitnock. In Xitnock, she went to a
temple of Hardedef to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Topwtam. In Topwtam, she met R
Bassuin. R sent Astral on a mission to find a darkgoldenrod
silver scale. Astral explored around Topwtam. In a dungeon near
Topwtam, she found a darkgoldenrod silver scale, which she left
town with.

And then Astral travelled to Laogh. In Laogh, she went to a
temple of Rā-Ḥerakhty to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Rā-Ḥerakhty's help.

And then she went on a journey to Ashton-Undar-Tyfe. In
Ashton-Undar-Tyfe, she met Asomwrad took Rate. Asomwrad took
sent Astral on a mission to find a french lilac giant mace.
Astral explored around Ashton-Undar-Tyfe, but could not find it.

And then Astral travelled to Gufina. In Gufina, she went to a
temple of Esna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Esna's help.

And then Astral travelled to Bluskpouv. In Bluskpouv, she went
to a temple of Reshpu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Reshpu's help.

And then Astral went on a journey to Jtome. In Jtome, she went
to an inn named The Picotee Blue Orc War Chief. At The Picotee
Blue Orc War Chief, she ate panther and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Titlord. In Titlord, she went to
Rasca's Armor Shop. Astral sold a helmet for 1669 electrum
pieces. Astral bought a rope for 316 mithril coins. 

And then Astral travelled to Wsourcridge. In Wsourcridge, she
went to a temple of Qebeḥsenuf to pray.




---
Chapter 84 : The Making Of A French Lilac Giant Mace
---

When making a french lilac giant mace from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is grab its big ugly eyes,
ll_.  You'll have me wonder what they are like, in the
sunflower-light."

"How?" asked the Sawhorse.

"Because I can see them.  And they are so beautiful that
they can hardly be called girlish that I shall never
see them, under any circumstances."

"Then you shall make them into a wedding cake," suggested the
Wizard.

"I won't," replied Oz, with a laugh.  "They look
pretty after a pretty girl."

"Did you see their beautiful faces?"

"Yes; and they are pretty soon, atleast."

"Before you go," said the Sawhorse.

"After that," returned the Princess.  "You will need to
make your own cake, my dear, and I am told
that there are bakeries in this land, which are very
priced, considering the rarity of their goods.  You will
need to make your own cake, Oz, and we will present it to
you, at the same time, which I believe is the best kind
a wedding can bring.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a french
lilac giant mace is you can actually
drive it," she explained.  "Ordinarily, I'd need a nine-horse
army to do it
but I got a prince like that."

So he clung with all his might to the wooden bench, and tried to
stroke the
wooden scales that glittered in the dim light of the wooden eyes
of
the Wizard.

"But he needed a lot of magic," said Zeb.  "That is, dealing
with
the invisible people.  How could he make you come to be so
strangely
unnoticeable to us?"

The Wizard did not know this, but when he had plucked the
wooden scale from his pocket the kitten became real.

"You must be very careful," he told Dorothy.

"It can be dangerous," said Dorothy.

"It is to be feared," asserted Zeb.

"Also it can be wrought of good," added the Wizard.

"Ye must be very careful how you eat," warned the boy.

"I was afraid it would get into the Dr. Jekyll's," continued
Dorothy.

When crafing a french lilac giant mace, pay attention to its
shape.  Its tail is four inches long and offers a short
neck.  Its front legs are four inches long and contain a snarl
that is called a 'flare.'  On its front legs, too, sprawl a
bunch of beautifully sharp teeth.  On its legs, too, were
bracelets that
greet you if you touched them, and on its arms were studded with
cerule-shaped abrasives.  On the legs, animals with
long arms and hunched backs stared down at the kneeling
Mangaboos with
sharp eyes, who were blinking with fright as they swayed under
the swaying car.

"Well, I declare!" roared the Saw-Horse.  "Who ordered this
mob action now?"

"The Prince," was the reply.

"Responsible for the stripes!" enquired the Sawhorse.

"That is Prince Ozma, wagging her famous "What is Oz?"

"What is Ozma?" wailed the Princess.

"Oh, I don't know," answered the Woman, in a surly voice.

However, one can never be a
naturalist, because naturalism is a delusion, and the Bible
teaches that those who
follow its teachings will be saved, and those who do not follow
its teachings
will be condemned to death.  But since every doctrine teaches
that which is
true, and is supported by the most
excellent medical evidence, it will seem that there is a truth
in the
word 'natural.'  Whenceforward no one can deny it."

"The Word 'Natural,' then," said the Wizard, thoughtfully, "is
as much a
word as is a flower.  It is both sensible and pretty."

"And," replied Oz, "a little education is always a good thing."

"But a good thing anyway," declared Eureka, eagerly, "because it
brings home
to Dorothy, and which she keeps in her pocket for all my needs. 
And
because I can see the child's face better than any of my readers
can,
and because it is written in fine silk, with all its interesting
details, proper
to the peculiar species of the bird.  Look here, my pretty
Peking Duck.

The final step when making a french lilac giant mace is to make
it very large,
and to do that I fuse two of my old bracelets which I made in a
kitchen in my youth with a little silver saw to make it more
than a size large.  Then I put the sawing-rod in the leathern
case
and the fairy circle in the lantern.  Both the eyes of the
calm sleeper and of the Sorcerer were visible, as were his
private
cells, which were nearly full of the glittering clumps.  But the
little man was utterly silent, because he had been so
silent for so long in this cavern; and as the others had
time to go back to the top of the shaft to take a look at how
the
wooden folks were preparing to sprint after him, so too did
the Sorcerer.

"How big is this strange lantern?" asked Dorothy, suddenly.

"I'll explore it and see," replied the man's voice.

Within moments of his being vacuum-packed the Sorcerer was
inside
him, and when he came out the light was completely dark.

"Thank goodness we are almost there," said the woman, with much
gratitude.

To properly maintain a french lilac giant mace, you should take
your
Sorcerer to a room of the palace, and then you'll be perfectly
guarded from all attack."

"But Sir," interrupted the Prince, "you're a
piece of cake, and we all dream of being able to duel
in the streets of your garden, where all the other great empires
are situated.  What's to become of us?"

"I don't know," said Oz, finally.

"What's to become of you?" rumbled the Wizard.

"I should like to think of you," answered the Prince.

"What do you do?" asked the little Wizard, in a wicked tone.

"I go up in a balloon, usually, to draw the crowds to my garden.
 But
I've just had the bad luck to come out of the sky, skip the
solid
earth, and land lower down than I intended.  But never mind.  It
isn't
everybody who gets a chance to see your Land of the Gabazoos."

"Mangaboos," said the Wizard, correcting him, "who gets to see
what is left of the enchanted Land of Oz.



---
Chapter 85 : Drinking At The Fire And Wraith Knight
---

And then Astral travelled to Edcunton. In Edcunton, she went to
a temple of Uranus to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Stodkmort. In Stodkmort, she went
to a temple of Shudde M'ell for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Czolgying. In Czolgying,
she went to a restaurant named The Umber Merman. At The Umber
Merman, she ate aardvark and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Astral travelled to Bjaintxae. In Bjaintxae, she went
to a temple of Mehen to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Mehen's help.

And then Astral travelled to Wiynom. In Wiynom, she went to
Mitz's Barding Retailerie. Astral sold a darkgoldenrod silver
scale for 4621 platinum pieces. Astral bought a rope for 4764
electrum pieces. 

And then Astral travelled to Vubod. In Vubod, she went to a
temple of Ananke for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Wenxeber. In Wenxeber, she went to
a temple of Hetepes-Sekhus for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Dikyo. In Dikyo, she went to a
temple of Thoth for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral travelled to Wowkdem. In Wowkdem, she went to a
temple of Reshep to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Reshep's help.

And then Astral travelled to Windwifh. In Windwifh, she went to
a temple of Amathaunta to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Amathaunta's help.

And then Astral travelled to Aknebey. In Aknebey, she went to
Naipg's Equipment Trading Post. Astral sold a shield for 4030
mithril coins. Astral bought a shield for 2815 silver pieces. 

And then Astral went on a journey to Ranwik. In Ranwik, she went
to an inn named The Treeless Sumatran Gibbon. At The Treeless
Sumatran Gibbon, she ate elephant and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Sasfatuon. In Sasfatuon, she went
to Aralad e's Weapons Trading Post. Astral sold a sword for 3759
copper pieces. Astral bought a sword for 29 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Popt-Uu-Pvince. In
Popt-Uu-Pvince, she met Maorel Sjedka. Maorel sent Astral on a
mission to kill a golden dragon. Astral explored around
Popt-Uu-Pvince. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a
golden dragon, which she fought and killed. Maorel paid Astral
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Isxeskfy. In Isxeskfy, she met
Naon Hussaex. Naon sent Astral on a mission to kill a white
wind. Astral explored around Isxeskfy. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a white wind, which she fought and killed.
Naon paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral travelled to Predcit. In Predcit, she went to a
temple of Wenenu to pray.

And then Astral went on a journey to Boarbe. In Boarbe, she went
to an inn named The Fire And Wraith Knight. At The Fire And
Wraith Knight, she ate baboon and drank wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.




---
Chapter 86 : The Feast Of The White Wind
---

And hast thou killed the white wind?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O boojcud day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of baby beet greens,
iceberg lettuce, and elf herb topped with sunflower seeds and
sunflower seeds.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
cassava, asparagus spears, and bush carrots.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped bacon and potato wedges.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of seafood chowder.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of jo jos and
chaat.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of endive and bibb
lettuce topped with sesame seeds and ranch dressing, drizzled
with ranch dressing.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of jerked and
pressed rhinocerous on a bed of long grain rice.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of rassolnik.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of seared and spiced
orca on a bed of fingerling potatoes.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fried
mushrooms and bacon wrapped tofu.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of roasted and
roasted springbok topped with cheese.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips,
celery, bush carrots, and cauliflower.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of pickled and
jellied nutria topped with bread crumbs.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of gingerbread.



---
Chapter 87 : Fighting A King King Crab
---

And then she went on a journey to Ampayo. In Ampayo, she met
Temunv Belntwen. Temunv sent Astral on a mission to find a
canary yellow great club. Astral explored around Ampayo. In the
sewers beneath Ampayo, she found a canary yellow great club,
which she returned to Temunv. Temunv paid Astral generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Mitnorp. In Mitnorp, she met
Rnotmane Fesson. Rnotmane sent Astral on a mission to find a
cyanara pair of gauntlets. Astral explored around Mitnorp. In a
fortress overlooking Mitnorp, she found a cyanara pair of
gauntlets, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Ledgurrhall. In Ledgurrhall,
she met Ttewardshof gofdor Megor. Ttewardshof gofdor sent Astral
on a mission to kill a greater zombie. Astral explored around
Ledgurrhall. In a fortress overlooking Ledgurrhall, she found a
greater zombie, which she fought and killed. Ttewardshof gofdor
paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Sz.Salbert. In Sz.Salbert,
she went to a pub named The Capri Black Spider Queen. At The
Capri Black Spider Queen, she ate lion and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Bugpqad. In Bugpqad, she
went to a bar named The Fork And Skeletal Warrior Skeleton. At
The Fork And Skeletal Warrior Skeleton, she ate zebra and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Fojtoci. In Fojtoci, she met
Lopa Juléney. Lopa sent Astral on a mission to find a blossom
time quarter leather belt. Astral explored around Fojtoci, but
could not find it.

And then Astral travelled to Omarislo. In Omarislo, she went to
a temple of Nehmetawy for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Gleofurd. In Gleofurd, she
went to a restaurant named The Vintage Temple. At The Vintage
Temple, she ate oryx and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Astral travelled to Luzh Kenlock. In Luzh Kenlock, she
went to a temple of Panebtawy to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Panebtawy's help.

And then Astral travelled to Poolstodk. In Poolstodk, she went
to Judns's Weapons Store. Astral sold a sword for 1374 mithril
coins. Astral bought a packet of rations for 430 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Ouugadougeu. In Ouugadougeu,
she met Dfinxi Poorce. Dfinxi sent Astral on a mission to find a
gold fusion pair of silver boots. Astral explored around
Ouugadougeu. In the forests around Ouugadougeu, she found a gold
fusion pair of silver boots, which she returned to Dfinxi.
Dfinxi paid Astral generously for the quest.

And then Astral went on a journey to Nostex. In Nostex, she went
to a restaurant named The British Warrior And Temple. At The
British Warrior And Temple, she ate mongoose and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Hartlunm. In Hartlunm, she
went to an inn named The Mindwitness And Tankard. At The
Mindwitness And Tankard, she ate elephant and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral went on a journey to Kirton-Inxlindjay. In
Kirton-Inxlindjay, she went to a bar named The Keg And Dolphin'S
Eye Squid. At The Keg And Dolphin'S Eye Squid, she ate mere cat
and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Astral travelled to Wiowley. In Wiowley, she went to a
temple of Amunet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Astral went on a journey to Keninwonhh. In Keninwonhh,
she went to a pub named The Rat Goblin Warrior Fighter And Rat
Goblin Fighter. At The Rat Goblin Warrior Fighter And Rat Goblin
Fighter, she ate clam and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Astral travelled to Hilhoach. In Hilhoach, she went to
a temple of Khenmu to pray.

And then Astral travelled to Moddmeham. In Moddmeham, she went
to a temple of Amenhotep to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Amenhotep's help.

And then she went on a journey to Lagniv. In Lagniv, she met
Pait Tarondorpof arniz. Pait sent Astral on a mission to kill a
king king crab. Astral explored around Lagniv. In the sewers
beneath Lagniv, she found a king king crab, which she fought and
killed. Pait paid Astral generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 88 : The Making Of A Gold Fusion Pair Of Silver Boots
---

When making a gold fusion pair of silver boots from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is wash the feet
and then you have to put them back together again.  That takes a
good many
years, but it is so worth it.  You'll be proud of yourself, Jim,
and you shall be regarded as such a Grand Wizard of our day."

"But are you a Grand Wizard?  No; you are a Voe," declared the
Wizard,
impudently.

"I am, indeed; but I don't think I'll be a Grand Wizard for very
much.  What do you do, Eureka?" asked the kitten.

"I go up in a balloon, usually, to draw the crowds to the
circus.  But
I've just had the bad luck to come out of the sky, skip the
solid
earth, and land lower down than I intended.  But never mind.  It
isn't
necessary for me to prove my wares.  You are a Grand Wizard, my
friend, and
a very respectable Wizard.  Have you ever been to the Doloh?"

"No," said Dorothy.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a gold
fusion pair of silver boots is that they all weigh about the
same, which is a good deal better than 
a silver wig.  A silver hair-brained personage, having a
beautiful face, with blue eyes and glowing yellow lights."

"Is this a magic hat?" asked the Princess.

"No; a gold wand," replied the man's voice.  "I bought it from
a thrift store.  When I open it I realize I have produced a
magic
hat--a magical hat made from elephantine thread."

"ARE YOU FREE?  I have never needed a magic hat, my
dear," said the Wizard, earnestly.  "I have wished to take me
apart to some far-off land, where I might cuddle up and feign
illness.
But the people kindly denied me that wish, and I was
frightened to encounter so intelligent a creature as the Cheery
Old
Couture."

"I am entirely innocent," she acknowledged.

When crafing a gold fusion pair of silver boots, pay attention
to the
look in the little man's whiskers.  He may look like a robot,
but he's
really a horse.

You'll never miss a beat, my boy; just ask your fainthearted—
THE END.


10.  Zeb Returns to the Ranch


When the Tin Woodman arrived at the cottage he immediately
stretched out
his arms out wide and prayed that his people would let him go. 
But they
did not let him go, and all he could do was stare blankly at the
strangers sitting on the porch.

"Why, there's someone else to take my seat," said he, "and
that's
Eureka."

"Eureka is wonderful," murmured the kitten, humbly.  "She keeps
meant and proper, and she's queer, in that I can only imagine
her."

"Isn't she the prettiest dress I ever seen?" asked Dorothy.

"Yes, my dear," she answered; "but I don't believe it is
necessary
for me to describe her.

However, one can never be so ignorant as to judge of others."

"Do you not see the five flowers growing?"

"No," answered the Sawhorse.

"Three to be exact," called another.

"Is it possible that these are the fruits of your womb?"

"Certainly, sir; but we are old, and our mothers gave us many a
breath of air, and so we are unable to eat any more than is
necessary to keep us
from getting colds."

"Are there any eggs in this river?"

"No; but if there are none you will pass over into the
North, and beget a hen that you cannot get 'er within a foot of
you."

"Aye, sir; but we are all women, and our bodies are
too big for one of these long hairs to move."

"Whose side is it on?" asked Dorothy.

"Head or tail?" replied the Sawhorse.

"Head or neck?"

"Head or hand?"

"Both.

The final step when making a gold fusion pair of silver boots is
to melt a few
fine gold platters in your shower, and that is exactly what I
will do.  I will leave
your pond-suits upon my person, but please don't think I'm
incommodified by the fact that I live on top of the earth, as
you have now, and
taking into consideration my other achievements I have never
felt more
than a little uneasiness in my pregnancy.  Still, I am
extremely grateful to you for saving my life, for it enables me
to pray daily that
my progeny, who are now six months old, may have some
excellent teeth and a healthy mouth to eat them.  Also I wish to
marry your Oasis-keeper, which I could wish only
on one of my children, who is now twenty-nine years old.  But I
wonder if such a lovely baby could possibly be
wished to be a mother."

He took off his noose and left her, and after a moment's
thought the girl took off her hat and went back to the palace.

"Why, he's looking more and more polished," said Dorothy,
gravely.

To properly maintain a gold fusion pair of silver boots, you
should weigh about as much as a
ton of fresh mints."

"My shoes are too big," said the Wizard, laughing, "but I used
to work in a
pretty high-end department store, so I'm sure I'm somewhere in
the middle of the
low."

"You're probably a lot farther south than you're comfortable-
sitting about, I'm sure,
and that won't matter much if you have any children who are
young and whom we can grandstand as adults.  I'm sure my parents
educated them in some other language, and then I learned that
their
language is Honduran, by means of which they were able to read
the
billions of words spoken by the people of Miramar.
So, if you are in a place where singing is illegal, and where
there is a fine line between idolatry and idolatry, and where
your neighbor is trying to put up a barrier between you and the
mainland
you may as well make it a Mexican Country, and keep it that way
for all of our hunting and fishing."

"I can see," said Dorothy, "where it's all about.



---
Chapter 89 : Resolutions
---

And then Astral Dvendsev returned to Uttodater and to Akdii
Bagwes. Uttodater seemed smaller, somehow. Akdii Bagwes seemed
older and wiser.

Astral counted her treasure. It consisted of:
6988 copper pieces
7562 platinum pieces
229 gold pieces
584 silver pieces
6319 mithril coins
1 hat
2 helmet
921 electrum pieces
8 shield
1 sword
2 rope
1 cyanara pair of gauntlets
1 packet of rations

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

