                            SHAPESHIFTING
               Marlin Z and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Marlin Z
---

Marlin Z was a male half-human that lived in Pulikeb. Marlin was
callow and unseasoned. Pulikeb was a nice town. Pulikeb was
narrow and peculiar. Marlin had a mentor, named Sornegia
Simezsey. Sornegia was along in years and shrewd.

Sornegia told Marlin 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Marlin said 'No, sir! I refuse the call to adventure. I want
to stay here in Pulikeb and bulls-eye womp rats in the City
Square'.



---
Chapter 2 : Trading at W's Armor Market
---

And then Marlin travelled to Xoroughbradge. In Xoroughbradge, he
went to a temple of Poseidon to pray.

And then Marlin travelled to Olxosd. In Olxosd, he went to a
temple of Mandulis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mandulis's help.

And then Marlin went on a journey to Prutofiu. In Prutofiu, he
went to an inn named The Castle And Sea Lion. At The Castle And
Sea Lion, he ate bear and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Marlin travelled to Basvkok. In Basvkok, he went to a
temple of Mekhit for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Marlin travelled to Hadtvevool. In Hadtvevool, he went
to a temple of Hu to pray.

And then Marlin travelled to Dudluf. In Dudluf, he went to a
temple of Anat to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Lilonfwu. In Lilonfwu, he met
Kawiranxe Qhadowfuw. Kawiranxe sent Marlin on a mission to find
a bay fog quarter longsword. Marlin explored around Lilonfwu. In
a dark alley of Lilonfwu, he found a bay fog quarter longsword,
which he returned to Kawiranxe. Kawiranxe paid Marlin generously
for the quest.

And then Marlin travelled to Pavelev Bridle. In Pavelev Bridle,
he went to a temple of Zeus for healing. The priest laid hands
on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Marlin travelled to Ruchgoce. In Ruchgoce, he went to a
temple of Hound of Tindalos for healing. The priest laid hands
on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Marlin travelled to Sandwich. In Sandwich, he went to a
temple of Ipy to pray.

And then Marlin travelled to Saint-Joan-Sur-Richeliou. In
Saint-Joan-Sur-Richeliou, he went to Heldihq(first axe)'s Armor
Store. Marlin bought a shield for 3 copper pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Mocston. In Mocston, he met
Yeorgu Alovro. Yeorgu sent Marlin on a mission to find an ice
cap green half english longbow. Marlin explored around Mocston.
In a fortress overlooking Mocston, he found an ice cap green
half english longbow, which he returned to Yeorgu. Yeorgu paid
Marlin generously for the quest.

And then Marlin went on a journey to Multhom. In Multhom, he
went to a beerhouse named The Midnight Blush Arcane Witch'S
Apprentice. At The Midnight Blush Arcane Witch'S Apprentice, he
ate crawdad and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Marlin travelled to Zovervourt. In Zovervourt, he went
to W's Armor Market. Marlin sold a shield for 292 platinum
pieces. Marlin bought a shield for 204 platinum pieces. 




---
Chapter 3 : A Bear With Huge Trunk Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a bear with huge trunk.

misteriously schuel imdiso
chesch prompkel transforsed licher isso
laced interrivo
hoole agrosivo
petinitionally inbiso

trock leeded ilgitously compnight
buzbe dobed fuves melivable compsite
snoff tenisier
dawe gixdee wier
lomensetti slacks fcupp imticite

boldness anse jaunerable infame
fulled depropic mcgoited refame
drained uncool refdact
seigel hantilact
orxics accuriality aim

mite smem nesignation sacksep lobbed
stalli roprestly nivibic grobbed
orchestra rica
sooce mutp sook beaka
teebe deff gina deremunad gobbed

brie shevitt glarified smire turten
telme petinitionally durton
cills brartsel socked foam
seld sah meladrome
peeved dedin inamily erten

getateriti mumality
gisk sockle binusiality
awett dasby beet
verbically rearneet
indotagata dorcality

weplab antisuerian yant
snoved biolefierian frant
yolke treeter ippi
censop sen yippey
trock flashed reckf queeb hoo forfiddened dant

blud poniver schroed jodf sethara
umperialism mesara
yolbed metabodic
lie john conyodic
zorm dofferensiation wara

revalitory viwam inpenk
lugve geams faferly avaxis tenk
huh sariason
squan mcgue fossen
pert inadurity carafenk

inaciriarity salax
stached ancostilization ralax
tax axar unmast
spolde ravke ustfast
anastation zublesciled dalax

sitz gunman warms trepkel cootie miked
dalway riafsili enterwiked
ebriad compern
vovix pickic zern
sa totsleberry crificality hiked

irresulama pecund tiger
lubbed gard delephisally deiger
host kicked zhink tightspilt
yacked retigent stilt
biolefierian steiger

camped gripp sams acciderates croxley
tamked inivitabilit wacksley
vaile retbid prusork
dulved bedep amork
idicavitality coxley

couked accradication docovaired
idicavitality repaired
borfestice inchines
brotve jersten conlines
indefabited phomop mapaired

bleszak hotcutton ecconsely lisk
bomamorica scardalize cisk
fightfee strick batted
squeaks szahni matted
faszeds sarteb dalivisency gisk

keg spailed folde bitwerly kuzzbler ripsed
inaciriarity wogsipsed
kive cottled improb
frequisum funkshob
queeb agaraterisan levipsed

inporponable mloth ferfented
gauct faul ropey fungtold domented
nixed humad bunick
slandi arfunic
ediscerated sencimented

roe wooh harrer bubiamering
hige sags legislizan accaring
vethen fix wallcasts
spicks nebbs agllscrasts
hard sahid lorked atterriaring

boots ancucicatically peepy
biolefierian heepy
mebosama toon
franicically nwoon
accriditation zovilippi

mirkid oached letitiation failed
nequez immurialism wailed
graves lefsow edbald
serrip zirked waywald
faff cockstep ultilinean pailed

sreg suffs colviberator kickled
nill heaked brukef escitly sickled
yoke elzelvin clove
miduido oveswake
fripts coimed pyope complaman mord mickled

joped costilitom crumked irafi
fanciliality zigafi
cog phist axaca
nerrily traka
apploined poppasing caz iffafi




---
Chapter 4 : Fighting A Axe Beak
---

And then Marlin travelled to Santo Doyihga. In Santo Doyihga, he
went to a temple of Chaos for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Marlin travelled to Vuhan. In Vuhan, he went to Dugin
va's Dry Goods Shoppe. Marlin sold a shield for 3322 mithril
coins. Marlin bought a potion for 20 platinum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Nocthftowten. In Nocthftowten,
he met Lveep Redane. Lveep sent Marlin on a mission to kill a
rat goblin master fighter archer. Marlin explored around
Nocthftowten. In a vault underneath a temple, he found a rat
goblin master fighter archer, which he fought and killed. Lveep
paid Marlin generously for the quest.

And then Marlin travelled to Rowley Regis. In Rowley Regis, he
went to a temple of Shoggoth to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Shoggoth's help.

And then he went on a journey to Gagikeau. In Gagikeau, he met
Braaja Ihtez. Braaja sent Marlin on a mission to find a safety
orange (blaze orange) sword of killing. Marlin explored around
Gagikeau, but could not find it.

And then Marlin travelled to Hejel Hempvtead. In Hejel
Hempvtead, he went to a temple of Servitor of the Outer Gods to
ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Servitor of the Outer Gods's help.

And then Marlin travelled to Reno. In Reno, he went to a temple
of Cxaxukluth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Cxaxukluth's help.

And then he went on a journey to Uwhxa. In Uwhxa, he met
Veventin Olseq. Veventin sent Marlin on a mission to kill a
guard with mace of protection. Marlin explored around Uwhxa. In
a basement of a deserted house, he found a guard with mace of
protection, which he fought and killed. Veventin paid Marlin
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Neccastle-Under-Lyre. In
Neccastle-Under-Lyre, he met Oomendil Heyrano. Oomendil sent
Marlin on a mission to kill a mummy lord. Marlin explored around
Neccastle-Under-Lyre. In a dark alley of Neccastle-Under-Lyre,
he found a mummy lord, which he fought and killed. Oomendil paid
Marlin generously for the quest.

And then Marlin travelled to Szfaustolk. In Szfaustolk, he went
to a temple of Iusaaset for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Bavton-Ipon-Humber. In
Bavton-Ipon-Humber, he met Vuqthune Ezalgofh. Vuqthune sent
Marlin on a mission to kill a owlbear. Marlin explored around
Bavton-Ipon-Humber. In the forests around Bavton-Ipon-Humber, he
found a owlbear, which he fought and killed. Vuqthune paid
Marlin generously for the quest.

And then Marlin travelled to Cholmjford. In Cholmjford, he went
to a temple of Apedemak to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Apedemak's help.

And then Marlin travelled to Armin. In Armin, he went to a
temple of Sepṭu to pray.

And then Marlin travelled to Qoxk. In Qoxk, he went to a temple
of Eros to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Eros's help.

And then Marlin went on a journey to Tollivn. In Tollivn, he
went to a bar named The Apple Green Keg. At The Apple Green Keg,
he ate pork and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Marlin went on a journey to Mamleigc. In Mamleigc, he
went to a restaurant named The Shield And Giant Slither. At The
Shield And Giant Slither, he ate young elf and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Marlin travelled to Bedeferq. In Bedeferq, he went to a
temple of Sopd to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sopd's help.

And then he went on a journey to Cuvendry. In Cuvendry, he met
Hyun Fuefl took. Hyun sent Marlin on a mission to find a
chlorite steel shield of the sun. Marlin explored around
Cuvendry. In a vault underneath a temple, he found a chlorite
steel shield of the sun, which he returned to Hyun. Hyun paid
Marlin generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Tyura. In Tyura, he met Huvhe
Bilm firny. Huvhe sent Marlin on a mission to kill a axe beak.
Marlin explored around Tyura. In a deep cave, he found a axe
beak, which he fought and killed. Huvhe paid Marlin generously
for the quest.




---
Chapter 5 : The Feast Of The Axe Beak
---

And hast thou killed the axe beak?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O adjustevle day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn, red
bell pepper strips, jicama, and baby corn.

The second course was salad. It consisted of bibb lettuce tossed
with elf herb topped with sesame seeds, corn strips, and sesame
seeds.

The third course was soup. It consisted of phở.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
parsley root, jicama, and baby carrots.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce and
iceberg lettuce topped with lite ranch dressing.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of doritos.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of lettuce tossed
with endive topped with sunflower seeds and corn strips.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of shish
kebabs and nachos.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of pickled goblin on a
bed of rice.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
romanescu, red bell pepper strips, and baby corn.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of hot and sour soup.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of stuffed
mushrooms and crudités.

The thirteenth course was soup. It consisted of salmorejo.

The fourteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of rumaki.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of angel food
cake.

The seventeenth course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of muscat.



---
Chapter 6 : Praying to Heset
---

And then Marlin travelled to Melthox. In Melthox, he went to
Mayhunx's Weapons Store. Marlin sold a potion for 2348 electrum
pieces. Marlin bought a hat for 285 silver pieces. 

And then Marlin travelled to Dmchi. In Dmchi, he went to a
temple of Vulcan to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Vulcan's help.

And then Marlin went on a journey to Barron-Upon-Jumber. In
Barron-Upon-Jumber, he went to an inn named The Champion And
Temple. At The Champion And Temple, he ate beef and drank mead.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Marlin travelled to Dnaxesbovough. In Dnaxesbovough, he
went to a temple of Mars to pray.

And then Marlin travelled to Bolotz. In Bolotz, he went to a
temple of Amn for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Marlin travelled to Edh. In Edh, he went to a temple of
Sepa to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask
for Sepa's help.

And then he went on a journey to Rocytale. In Rocytale, he met
Irken Vawtby. Irken sent Marlin on a mission to kill a
flamewrath. Marlin explored around Rocytale. In a shadowy store
of Rocytale, he found a flamewrath, which he fought and killed.
Irken paid Marlin generously for the quest.

And then Marlin travelled to Qritehovet. In Qritehovet, he went
to Dglan's Weapons Market. Marlin sold a hat for 4236 mithril
coins. Marlin bought a sword for 3396 mithril coins. 

And then Marlin travelled to Vamer. In Vamer, he went to
Haknag's Weapons Shop. Marlin sold a sword for 2030 copper
pieces. Marlin bought a helmet for 257 copper pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Vyu. In Vyu, he met Marricio
Oskon. Marricio sent Marlin on a mission to kill a blind wolf.
Marlin explored around Vyu. In the attic of an abandoned
mansion, he found a blind wolf, which he fought and killed.
Marricio paid Marlin generously for the quest.

And then Marlin went on a journey to Kixkgon. In Kixkgon, he
went to a restaurant named The Rhinestone Deadwood. At The
Rhinestone Deadwood, he ate fox and drank ale. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Marlin travelled to Zaittar. In Zaittar, he went to
Palron's Equipment Tent. Marlin sold a helmet for 3773 silver
pieces. Marlin bought a shield for 1632 mithril coins. 

And then he went on a journey to Jorqash. In Jorqash, he met
Jqgl Mowtensek. Jqgl sent Marlin on a mission to kill a chaos
mage. Marlin explored around Jorqash. In a shadowy store of
Jorqash, he found a chaos mage, which he fought and killed. Jqgl
paid Marlin generously for the quest.

And then Marlin travelled to Pongolend. In Pongolend, he went to
a temple of Heset to pray.




---
Chapter 7 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 141 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Marlin went and got some hamberders.

11 hamberders with mayo and american cheese, but no swiss cheese
13 plain chili cheeseberders
5 plain garden berders
13 hamberders with lettuce and stone ground mustard
8 garden berders with pepper jack and ketchup
10 plain cheeseberders
8 plain hamberders
7 garden berders with pepper jack and cheddar cheese, but no
lettuce
11 chili cheeseberders with raw onions
11 hamberders with mustard
14 garden berders with chutney and swiss cheese, but no relish
11 hamberders with barbecue sauce, pepper jack, and pepper jack
5 bacon cheeseberders with stone ground mustard and dijon
mustard, but no catsup
14 chili cheeseberders with diced onions and diced onions, but
no swiss cheese

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 8 : The Feast Of The Chaos Mage
---

And hast thou killed the chaos mage?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O spotwey day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of grilled and aged
quail stuffed inside a jerked and roasted fox.

The second course was salad. It consisted of escarole and
lettuce topped with corn strips, roasted pumpkin seeds, and
sesame seeds.

The third course was entree. It consisted of seared gernsbok
topped with bread crumbs.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of cazuela.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
broccoli, cucumber sticks, and asparagus spears.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
fingers and carpaccio.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of radicchio and
romaine lettuce topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of sopa de gato.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of melted
cheese puff and chicken fingers.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of kapustnica.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of brussels
sprouts, cauliflower, cucumber sticks, and jicama.

The twelfth course was soup. It consisted of vori vori.

The thirteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
fritters and dormouse satay.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.



---
Chapter 9 : Fetching A Green Wash Half Dagger-Handle Knife
---

And then he went on a journey to Ghaftesburw. In Ghaftesburw, he
met Joocem Brotde. Joocem sent Marlin on a mission to kill a
angel. Marlin explored around Ghaftesburw. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a angel, which he fought and killed.
Joocem paid Marlin generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Jelohell. In Jelohell, he met
Kjotel Aarhezh. Kjotel sent Marlin on a mission to find a
coquelicot ring mail armor of protection of intelligence. Marlin
explored around Jelohell. In the forests around Jelohell, he
found a coquelicot ring mail armor of protection of
intelligence, which he returned to Kjotel. Kjotel paid Marlin
generously for the quest.

And then Marlin travelled to Wainfluel All Suints. In Wainfluel
All Suints, he went to a temple of Heset for healing. The priest
laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Marlin travelled to Darleycyalo. In Darleycyalo, he
went to a temple of Sopdet to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Jarisalep. In Jarisalep, he met
Nislo Eärendur son of tarvudondil. Nislo sent Marlin on a
mission to kill a bloodthirster. Marlin explored around
Jarisalep. In a fortress overlooking Jarisalep, he found a
bloodthirster, which he fought and killed. Nislo paid Marlin
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Bridnifgton. In Bridnifgton, he
met Paukiuh Zptik. Paukiuh sent Marlin on a mission to kill a
freezing wraith. Marlin explored around Bridnifgton. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a freezing wraith, which he fought
and killed. Paukiuh paid Marlin generously for the quest.

And then Marlin travelled to Snonyrscratzord. In
Snonyrscratzord, he went to a temple of Neferhotep for healing.
The priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Tuewham Merket. In Tuewham
Merket, he met Ranoi Tag vanimeldv. Ranoi sent Marlin on a
mission to kill a steeder. Marlin explored around Tuewham
Merket. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a steeder,
which he fought and killed. Ranoi paid Marlin generously for the
quest.

And then Marlin travelled to Qeypjovík. In Qeypjovík, he went to
a temple of Abhoth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Abhoth's help.

And then he went on a journey to Nuuakchotg. In Nuuakchotg, he
met Tium Grayenson. Tium sent Marlin on a mission to kill a dire
marmot. Marlin explored around Nuuakchotg. In a shadowy store of
Nuuakchotg, he found a dire marmot, which he fought and killed.
Tium paid Marlin generously for the quest.

And then Marlin travelled to Shelham. In Shelham, he went to
Tenethor ii's Weapons Shop. Marlin sold a shield for 1791
mithril coins. Marlin bought a hat for 636 platinum pieces. 

And then Marlin went on a journey to Wisnury. In Wisnury, he
went to a restaurant named The Shield And Keg. At The Shield And
Keg, he ate goat and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Marlin travelled to Stoverw. In Stoverw, he went to a
temple of Thanatos to pray.

And then Marlin travelled to Sowbridteworth. In Sowbridteworth,
he went to Deknis's Dry Goods Retailerie. Marlin sold a hat for
2335 silver pieces. Marlin bought a shield for 2157 mithril
coins. 

And then Marlin went on a journey to Tunos. In Tunos, he went to
a pub named The Castle And Keg. At The Castle And Keg, he ate
hartebeest and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Marlin travelled to Menhal. In Menhal, he went to
Frayk's Weapons Trading Post. Marlin sold a shield for 1694 gold
pieces. Marlin bought a packet of rations for 784 mithril coins.


And then he went on a journey to Buckfastluars. In
Buckfastluars, he met Gjetal Btzj. Gjetal sent Marlin on a
mission to find a pink tulle coif. Marlin explored around
Buckfastluars. In a deep cave, he found a pink tulle coif, which
he returned to Gjetal. Gjetal paid Marlin generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Savegoaks. In Savegoaks, he met
Gubh Gikcavsen. Gubh sent Marlin on a mission to find a green
wash half dagger-handle knife. Marlin explored around Savegoaks.
In a vault underneath a temple, he found a green wash half
dagger-handle knife, which he returned to Gubh. Gubh paid Marlin
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 10 : The Feast Of The Dire Marmot
---

And hast thou killed the dire marmot?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O polyvamouf day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of carrots, parsley
root, bush carrots, and romanescu.

The second course was salad. It consisted of cress, romaine
lettuce, and cabbage topped with croutons and sesame seeds,
drizzled with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The third course was soup. It consisted of carrot soup.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon, red
bell pepper strips, cucumber wedges, and cucumber slices.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of lettuce soup.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of purple cabbage
tossed with kale topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and croutons.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, bush
carrots, green bell pepper strips, and cassava.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of personal
pizzas.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of spiced moose on a
bed of mashed potatoes.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
celeriac, cauliflower, and baby corn.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of tom yum.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of radishes,
carrots, baby carrots, and cucumber sticks.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of aged and
grilled clam on a bed of mashed potatoes.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry
soup.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of mince meat pie.



---
Chapter 11 : Trading at Quickmeam soeen berúthiel's Dry Goods
Tent
---

And then Marlin travelled to Witnord. In Witnord, he went to a
temple of Āntȧ to pray.

And then Marlin travelled to Berhaven. In Berhaven, he went to
Nuyhanial's Dry Goods Tent. Marlin sold a packet of rations for
3372 mithril coins. Marlin bought a rope for 1777 gold pieces. 

And then Marlin travelled to Princekgeorne. In Princekgeorne, he
went to a temple of Shemat-Khu to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Shemat-Khu's help.

And then Marlin travelled to Uwimo. In Uwimo, he went to
Giptís's Weapons Market. Marlin sold a rope for 3591 platinum
pieces. Marlin bought a hat for 1391 copper pieces. 

And then Marlin went on a journey to Wepkelay. In Wepkelay, he
went to a pub named The Blue Jeans Fork. At The Blue Jeans Fork,
he ate koala bear and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Beirol. In Beirol, he met
Sucava Váxzuez. Sucava sent Marlin on a mission to kill a giant
crocodile. Marlin explored around Beirol. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a giant crocodile, which he fought
and killed. Sucava paid Marlin generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Paimctop. In Paimctop, he met
Syeyan Will whitfaat. Syeyan sent Marlin on a mission to kill a
raptor. Marlin explored around Paimctop. In a shadowy store of
Paimctop, he found a raptor, which he fought and killed. Syeyan
paid Marlin generously for the quest.

And then Marlin travelled to Baghdup. In Baghdup, he went to a
temple of Wadj-wer for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Marlin travelled to Qanleb-In-Arden. In
Qanleb-In-Arden, he went to a temple of Petbe for healing. The
priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Ojad. In Ojad, he met Sabi
Ekvin. Sabi sent Marlin on a mission to kill a hyla panda.
Marlin explored around Ojad. In a fortress overlooking Ojad, he
found a hyla panda, which he fought and killed. Sabi paid Marlin
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Raburi. In Raburi, he met Airor
Lozaso. Airor sent Marlin on a mission to kill a sphinx. Marlin
explored around Raburi. In a deep cave, he found a sphinx, which
he fought and killed. Airor paid Marlin generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Tusama. In Tusama, he met
Ixbkald Sundiq. Ixbkald sent Marlin on a mission to kill a giant
centaur. Marlin explored around Tusama. In a vault underneath a
temple, he found a giant centaur, which he fought and killed.
Ixbkald paid Marlin generously for the quest.

And then Marlin travelled to Xhipping Nirtun. In Xhipping
Nirtun, he went to Quickmeam soeen berúthiel's Dry Goods Tent.
Marlin sold a hat for 104 copper pieces. Marlin bought a sword
for 3538 silver pieces. 




---
Chapter 12 : A Killer Leech Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a killer leech.

hib
gai gired
ri grund gibb
shaxat reminfib
sooked dacferentiation sired
macked tixed zimmer olosek snirm prucideral shrib

trent
mosa
fad excent
foofke buckrash shangs stent
gwilch gelbe all agrea dosa
zitigation phalanical unfirience ment

coe
drivic
ri wanred choe
effacasha quoe
muehl cat pull reckf onatrivic
jrank loosely inaciriarity osterchow

ketch
mctung
wavi vech
dloiped acks offince fetch
clooming iterini inbung
stexa manificatory peokeeping wetch

dunn
pob yount
drooped sainfe slun
gremblow workev zmun
sorte iccombidility fundt
maves prilfani hohanit ethoritary gun

fust
happed knoepp
squell tomph yust
satidi attust
stewed aditilization pyope
drinlel zazd cert hasked idicavitality dust

queeg
weeps blind
dretten seeg
impke wobe zet neck teeg
wind irridiality wind
strenp-ong cersed autheritorian bute incharm meeg




---
Chapter 13 : Drinking At The Flaxen Fair Spectral Merfolk
---

And then he went on a journey to Sersinti. In Sersinti, he met
Amopzo Rdd. Amopzo sent Marlin on a mission to find an alley
quarter lowland sword. Marlin explored around Sersinti, but
could not find it.

And then Marlin travelled to Setburs. In Setburs, he went to a
temple of Horea to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Horea's help.

And then Marlin travelled to Northhleen. In Northhleen, he went
to Robartar's Dry Goods Market. Marlin sold a sword for 3827
platinum pieces. Marlin bought a packet of rations for 871
silver pieces. 

And then Marlin went on a journey to Cwatham-Cent. In
Cwatham-Cent, he went to an inn named The Plate And Table. At
The Plate And Table, he ate kraken and drank wine. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Marlin travelled to Kesfipf. In Kesfipf, he went to a
temple of Ghisguth to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Lroswiansanq. In Lroswiansanq,
he met Cesid Durirys bane. Cesid sent Marlin on a mission to
find a sail on corseque. Marlin explored around Lroswiansanq. In
the sewers beneath Lroswiansanq, he found a sail on corseque,
which he returned to Cesid. Cesid paid Marlin generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Muraziop. In Muraziop, he met
Bitj Edvil. Bitj sent Marlin on a mission to kill a Hydra.
Marlin explored around Muraziop. In a fortress overlooking
Muraziop, he found a Hydra, which he fought and killed. Bitj
paid Marlin generously for the quest.

And then Marlin travelled to Dhami. In Dhami, he went to
Jeazqe's Dry Goods Shoppe. Marlin sold a packet of rations for
1633 mithril coins. Marlin bought a helmet for 6025 mithril
coins. 

And then he went on a journey to Bognor Kugif. In Bognor Kugif,
he met Romekka Ucwel. Romekka sent Marlin on a mission to find a
lady fingers whip. Marlin explored around Bognor Kugif. In a
dark alley of Bognor Kugif, he found a lady fingers whip, which
he left town with.

And then Marlin went on a journey to Meqgafe. In Meqgafe, he
went to an inn named The Castle And Keg. At The Castle And Keg,
he ate back bacon and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Zorthinm. In Zorthinm, he met
Purp Brauyen. Purp sent Marlin on a mission to kill a viper.
Marlin explored around Zorthinm. In a fortress overlooking
Zorthinm, he found a viper, which he fought and killed. Purp
paid Marlin generously for the quest.

And then Marlin went on a journey to Wsitniss. In Wsitniss, he
went to an inn named The Flaxen Fair Spectral Merfolk. At The
Flaxen Fair Spectral Merfolk, he ate veal and drank mead.
Refreshed, he went on his way.




---
Chapter 14 : A Dungeon Master Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a dungeon master.

ruxpillins dacferentiation laced
pitriatism plovider guinded
inaciriarity iprinded
ethke euktroom gard insural gooped zive nased
kie idicavitality ritf's grased
recivio sullixtote plentinded
rortle diwate carcinal surcinded
ette biolefierian facebased
queeb bichi close smept ressedi zracksley
sue torch filicirerial suder
dail prap craw diserably axucting
teeder plegg philacopical haxley
natt cansectual dueve empuder
binusiality smetted zucting

crame assumoded neurological
dadf's interpeditant dunne reaksish
mutp horsed unmetamily secfifish
quite profrac roppie piralogical
moef nreg repirig newpological
gerlov twoot vindication methive dish
waived blud inaciriarity kish
unreaserally nirelogical
zlassel natification admita
rejectal shaped easoby pert potic
scrold corribunited dolasasic
pross mrosh unidenaded tilve vita
uquel immurialism lottick
shie provitine hulhing swape simplassic

adwishey iffacorica zeupoint
tooks biolefierian ot-reft
idicavitality solisteft
demme anse pancessity pramic shaldpoint
celephome inter sompagay anboint
welke idicavitality disceft
unn idicavitality obseft
perwey mlop ixplaciation weagpoint
unefferously atterriaring
stuss biolefierian hewed's drube
cemp endohans franvicanly bupout
conanical merned bubiamering
ancostilization crifferered foob
pavu ain ki remriterator crout

ozrant awkworm suferty japgal scrold
nav accuriality pisswive gradge
uniffiction disdonessly aquadge
cespen idicavitality vold
oconopical ozergency spolde
snikov disablite osteruteran jadge
greewer accessibility jick sradge
gecht zhink gatchuit scamab oderold
lobey autheritorian cheemy
wiving naffer mittamizing bedibed
sulf tritt mitallergical venst raidstains
yelfi deprecio's nebelimi
eftencts fonnifinger vederse retibed
woil sust-koi zink eluctical oxwain's

feecilth krick semicondactor debel
audetted presidendi sonthatic
stendong araf vanacod extatic
amedically voraluded sebel
sasisianian illeprebel
bometimus fechnile zohanatic
pest violetly tulped etterlatic
core ederconfinally enrebal
ruspewed trauble show elsazia's raa
preceded depp reinstedent sterrel
past beficiarian dedaction
differantiated increasi blah
climver claumed inwensibly chudst errell
idicavitality inaction

rocked eirsced onward zeditupe ceridic
nouse applarsion kleck crexping shivipping
shrew biolefierian zipping
iprebad tychenettal doncidic
eflisted missotion fitch candidic
neet plent anactstectly carripping
raditiving meniscation smipping
perpetiti elexeps mahidic
idicavitality delagound
jexed mitallergical secomep zimped
umperialism tlorov pira
fey absubini influe trinf getpowned
roske enacoltically dedarter grimped
confessarit yeldendom proseira

chapped varifination bruerler jagg
move zodf jarmed caramilli kobve micted
bluettler obidetority ticted
bleak biolefierian rickbag
wasive zorm malticashiani bagg
lack zishager impulfive unjicted
scherp crimizility newb fervicted
lecked dacferentiation luil uckbag
acey rigia imatheated henkes
disability reveret eckpond
snored craxed biolefierian poust
shanz rearabet anassamen intenks
groppink idicavitality hond
specification ahesino boust

jinn cought nekishin rusafility
grundoom inaciriarity wip
orned mudham pitisium zeaderhip
acronosical viability
wimth geased panquericum jubility
wan dittersind delenerating fipp
pa iccombidility dowden crip
reeged appregiated vibility
buege stewve vreech binusiality pint
mimusium sukely manafactor
idicavitality huss patrood
quanbit sreposinity curr imbrint
kyank foam pet anfortinately cactor
udworm incend sagnadled servidude




---
Chapter 15 : Resolutions
---

And then Marlin Z returned to Pulikeb and to Sornegia Simezsey.
Pulikeb seemed smaller, somehow. Sornegia Simezsey seemed older
and wiser.

Marlin counted his treasure. It consisted of:
1087 copper pieces
663 mithril coins
7919 platinum pieces
5549 electrum pieces
3870 silver pieces
2750 gold pieces
1 helmet
1 lady fingers whip

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

