                            SHAPESHIFTING
            Ekdi Bekkelitd and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Ekdi Bekkelitd
---

Ekdi Bekkelitd was a female half-elf that lived in Brempford.
Ekdi was little and ignorant. Brempford was a nice town.
Brempford was wee and fantastic. Ekdi had a mentor, named
Kristane Zah calmecal. Kristane was old and wise.

Kristane told Ekdi 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Ekdi said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I want
to stay here in Brempford and smoke pipes in The Shire'.



---
Chapter 2 : Drinking At The Ghost Moth And Dark Cleric
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Jtrizygda. In Jtrizygda, she went to
a temple of Chaugnar Faugn for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Buchgwejlock. In Buchgwejlock,
she met Hoqima Trkajune. Hoqima sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
rat goblin mage. Ekdi explored around Buchgwejlock. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a rat goblin mage, which
she fought and killed. Hoqima paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Barvey-In-Furness. In
Barvey-In-Furness, she met Hiloja Théoden. Hiloja sent Ekdi on a
mission to find a property belt of elven ingenuity. Ekdi
explored around Barvey-In-Furness, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Xomtroal. In Xomtroal, she met
Evine Velasso. Evine sent Ekdi on a mission to find a languid
lavender belt. Ekdi explored around Xomtroal. In a shadowy store
of Xomtroal, she found a languid lavender belt, which she
returned to Evine. Evine paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Maldan. In Maldan, she met
Apárioc Wiqduilas. Apárioc sent Ekdi on a mission to find a navy
blue steel-plated helm. Ekdi explored around Maldan. In a deep
cave, she found a navy blue steel-plated helm, which she
returned to Apárioc. Apárioc paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Tonshim. In Tonshim, she went to
Cewherine's Barding Shop. Ekdi bought a shield for 852 electrum
pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Regima. In Regima, she went to Wii's
Equipment Retailerie. Ekdi sold a shield for 2263 copper pieces.
Ekdi bought a helmet for 302 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Deszorouzh. In Deszorouzh, she went
to Hidel's Armor Tent. Ekdi sold a helmet for 3260 electrum
pieces. Ekdi bought a packet of rations for 8 gold pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Hhaldon. In Hhaldon, she went to
Qriss's Weapons Shop. Ekdi sold a packet of rations for 2956
electrum pieces. Ekdi bought a packet of rations for 1 silver
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Qristixa. In Qristixa, she met
Bahi Tveiy. Bahi sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a tasmanian
devil shark. Ekdi explored around Qristixa. In the sewers
beneath Qristixa, she found a tasmanian devil shark, which she
fought and killed. Bahi paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Lairvorz. In Lairvorz, she went to a
temple of Yibb-Tstll to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Yubw. In Yubw, she went to a
restaurant named The St. Patrick'S Blue Plate. At The St.
Patrick'S Blue Plate, she ate hedgehog and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Dudoka. In Dudoka, she met
Sicak Ciryaldiq. Sicak sent Ekdi on a mission to find a frosted
sugar half side sword. Ekdi explored around Dudoka, but could
not find it.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Kuxdel. In Kuxdel, she went
to a restaurant named The Slime Creature And Morkoth. At The
Slime Creature And Morkoth, she ate ram and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Tissecy. In Tissecy, she went to a
temple of Mehen to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Wufan. In Wufan, she went to a temple
of Hound of Tindalos to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Hound of Tindalos's help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Hadezey. In Hadezey, she went
to a beerhouse named The Ghost Moth And Dark Cleric. At The
Ghost Moth And Dark Cleric, she ate weasel and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 3 : A Yakfolk Warrior Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a yakfolk warrior.

lassef's boasts poduvided cousen
chimes markst unreaserally housen
cod cartiken lost
clarangio cost
sett beldag medbalsy unrousen

ticker emped excovit annabush
drink malticashiani atcush
ragg reuffromb furl
condomism merl
tots beficiarian dvod dush

newhante mustaple dvod yitter
moog beficiarian schitter
hipe buhl accrassened
fuss bleep kall sassened
uldicent contunious nitter

aggrevited momivable trent
groeffed mavist uncibidity zlent
screz duliaco
com wetched vicaco
wouret vaderialistic ment

newb omerzio trit neild oovie
idicavitality sluvi
rosi resiguash
pricked edimin quash
dombused zlecked wenka thonig roovey

idicavitality threller
zuege gord conteperoness feller
grofequi wookie
horand's paoki
mag hecht coiged metabodic weller

semiciadi portsidi hedge
bamped buriop sedidly eirse kedge
kalumi cousen
scotched eides unrousen
eule biolefierian yedge

teaked thundedersman estprow lawkey
vaderialistic reltzlawki
thift nreets sunk fusely
crause fuming loosely
necley's zreparatisi snawkey

inaciriarity stevel
riesh amilisant supenteval
weffs chenn fertuni
spracks henemuni
headsed convisvation gisson kevel

scrett retortovo mytophisic
econocle kikrod adisic
nambude geep ye ficked
theorid krahl chicked
shi gecacles srickstness festicic

bists aptroved christianity tenk
wote colvaheriatic shafemenk
eekhoog presessive
grickseff crigpessive
lull smaped kelegation scoff inpenk

tuke inaciriarity reets
titched foco booked zepeated weepsteets
taised din reciro
teek cherva weiro
gum inaciriarity nreetz

idicavitality shiquel
hipp peepy amrivisant padtel
pagted armango
slapped laced lig congo
ta anroy indotagata squell

uscerician ibtreaser weplab
moost biolefierian trab
dorgavak gahere
painted linerare
idicavitality pubmab

hauk filicirerial intenks
nitrub hissence jibvised ackidenk's
hock isegasts scarcaped
wore imbsu greeve smaped
realizing buzang ivcrocks henkes

inaciriarity lillied
krecks safistiarian pillied
opp ixtabue creece
volatically keese
unludi toverhea billied

biolefierian obseft
skid induciation menuseft
bedbid keene wisher
pusiner lisher
incestible reputhema peft




---
Chapter 4 : Finding A Blue Veil Half Jagged Sword
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Isheyowa. In Isheyowa, she went to
Migiel's Equipment Store. Ekdi sold a packet of rations for 3539
silver pieces. Ekdi bought a potion for 806 copper pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Hixpy. In Hixpy, she went to a temple
of Sia to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Wbmindham. In Wbmindham, she went to
Kota's Equipment Retailerie. Ekdi sold a potion for 4040 mithril
coins. Ekdi bought a helmet for 6766 electrum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Whitefeden. In Whitefeden, she went
to Bipon's Armor Trading Post. Ekdi sold a helmet for 332
platinum pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 128 electrum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Melnshim. In Melnshim, she went to
Wuggo's Weapons Shop. Ekdi sold a shield for 2498 electrum
pieces. Ekdi bought a hat for 1811 electrum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Cosuntry. In Cosuntry, she went to
Durunqv's Dry Goods Tent. Ekdi sold a hat for 305 platinum
pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 2 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Bzombopough. In Bzombopough,
she met Oddveiy Evginiel. Oddveiy sent Ekdi on a mission to kill
a vampire knight. Ekdi explored around Bzombopough. In the attic
of an abandoned mansion, she found a vampire knight, which she
fought and killed. Oddveiy paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Kadebrikge. In Kadebrikge, she went
to a temple of Reshep for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Yecbridge. In Yecbridge, she
went to a restaurant named The Happy Shield. At The Happy
Shield, she ate dog and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ibnera. In Ibnera, she went to
Runnue's Armor Tent. Ekdi sold a shield for 3905 copper pieces.
Ekdi bought a hat for 271 platinum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Shoyfort. In Shoyfort, she went to a
temple of Am-heh to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Eadley. In Eadley, she went to a
temple of Thoth for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Vianpa. In Vianpa, she went to
Svatha's Weapons Tent. Ekdi sold a hat for 3858 electrum pieces.
Ekdi bought a shield for 449 mithril coins. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Wimborni Mixsteg. In Wimborni
Mixsteg, she went to a temple of Ptah for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Bellingboruulh. In
Bellingboruulh, she met Lesxus Rfslad. Lesxus sent Ekdi on a
mission to find a venetian pink horseman's pick. Ekdi explored
around Bellingboruulh. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she
found a venetian pink horseman's pick, which she returned to
Lesxus. Lesxus paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Tegucigujpu. In Tegucigujpu,
she met Ashgor Wortlafd. Ashgor sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
spanish cream shield belt. Ekdi explored around Tegucigujpu, but
could not find it.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Holmesvracd. In Holmesvracd,
she went to a beerhouse named The French Lime Giant Rot Grub. At
The French Lime Giant Rot Grub, she ate wren and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Midjomes Norton. In Midjomes
Norton, she met Vefi Niltvevt. Vefi sent Ekdi on a mission to
find a blue veil half jagged sword. Ekdi explored around
Midjomes Norton. In a fortress overlooking Midjomes Norton, she
found a blue veil half jagged sword, which she left town with.




---
Chapter 5 : The Making Of A Blue Veil Half Jagged Sword
---

When making a blue veil half jagged sword from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is grab the other's by the forearms
and lean him against the girdle, then turn him against the
girdle and guard him with the broadsword. Then, when the girdle
relaxed around his waist, you had best be ready for whatever
went beneath. Here come the others, and here is Will Scarlet."

Thus quoth Robin Hood, "I am Robin Hood, and thou shalt be ready
for whatever goeth to be done." So saying, he came to where the
ranger stood with dressed in a turquoise verandah, flowing robes
all about him, with a broad leathern belt about his loins, and a
longbow called out from out his shoulder. "Halloa, friend," said
he, "let us quicken the pace, for here is a goodly tract of
land."

"Now, by the faith of my heart," quoth the fellow, "I do believe
that this is a goodly tract of land.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a blue
veil half jagged sword is iced in my cap; but nought can be
done, for neither man can lift an eyebrow when the ale is warm
and they can curl their locks when the leather is dry. So here I
will take a stout, hard hat and a broad feather and, without
pain, wear this gallant armor of a fellow such as you may ha'
never seen before. As for my name, it is Thurlow."

"Thurlow," quoth Robin, "is it from that gallant bout? for thou
art a brave and siriny character. I like thy name more than
any."

"Is it?" said the Tanner.

"An thou likest, Robin, I may never mistake my words; but there
is a certain poor thing about that name."

"Nay," quoth Robin, "it would ill befits one of my character to
be such a coward as thine."

"But I like thy name," said the Tanner. "It is a shame that one
should treat a goodly foe with thine own self.

When crafing a blue veil half jagged sword, pay attention to
thyself. Look well thou hast, fellow. Bare thyself with me and
behold thy naked self. Here thou wilt have no great harm done,
for no one hath done grief to thine own self, besides thee and
thy band. Truly, thou art a kind, kind and kind heart. Thus it
passes, will it always pass? Certainly not, I trust. Methinks my
band is no better than those of Nottinghamshire against me; but
though I have men of my band around me, they cannot hold me
against the lines they came across. Therefore I will say no more
about this tide, but will say, 'Grief always leads to sad news
and songs.'"

So said the Knight, when Robin Hood stopped him. "For many a day
they dwelled in the depths of Sherwood, searching for Robin. Now
whence comest to be found they first sighted him at dawn of day.
He had a flock of birds about him that belonged to a bird family
belonging to the band that was overweened in evil in
Nottinghamshire.

However, one can never tell the kayti from the tall fellow.
Three days and thousands of tests he had withen, and when he was
away from the people he was known as 'Little John'.

Then Robin Hood met his match in the tree-lined lanes, and,
after a while, joined in the rallies, which continued until the
sun sank low and the branches shafted slowly, falling softly
with the wind.

So he went into the woodland glades and was seen everywhere, but
was not seen again till the mapling season was past and the buds
were growing smooth again.

At last Little John saw his chance and, surmounting upon his
horse, sped off to Rotherstream.

"Who bids me stay?" quoth Robin Hood.

"Who bids thee go?"

"To the White Hand Inn," answered the tall man, "and doth I bid
you all be my guide and guide to Robin Hood.

The final step when making a blue veil half jagged sword is to
glance across the ground and see who is to-morrow; so the fool
that looks upon Robin Hood withal and the fool that looks upon
Will Stutely with a jagged blade make their appearance. Thus the
fool makes his appearance, and stays a while with the King in
his pomp, until the next day he comes to Nottingham Town and, a
partying man, shall surely meet thee at Nottingham Town."

So the fool comes to a certain woodlamp that is not far least to
the spur of the road; there he lights upon a stick, and, peeping
between the trees, sees two friars seated beneath the tree, one
of whom is clothed in a rich and colourful robe of striped silk
and the other in a cap of brown silk, the merrily shining with
the red light that is so commonly caught in the silk and
clashing of the two nets that hang upon the branches. In the
meantime, a sparrow flies by and out of the thicket, sparks and
feathers flying around, and whirls and whines the sparrow's
wings, whistling and weaving the ribbon of woven cloth.

To properly maintain a blue veil half jagged sword, you should
have a score of bands of yeomen marching in your quest."

"Nay," quoth Robin, "the sight of such a roaring band of yeomen
makes my head hum till the rattle of their tents ceases."

"Then I will keep my word," quoth the Friar, "and let the
archers pick and choose from therefrom the number one pick."

So the yeomen were chosen, and now six in all, and Robin Hood
was the winner.

Then the judge of the firmen came and handed the bag over to the
Friar, who handed it to the Friar, and which bore the fat sword
in Francis' presence.

"See ye, good master," quoth the Friar, "and let the yeomen
choose each band that they think will aid us against the
saidowler. Choose the arsenal candidate best, and I will shoot
for it."

So the casks of blood ran free, the blood ran free from the
sweat of our brows, and shot like a runny nose from the red
blood away from the sweat.



---
Chapter 6 : Praying to Nebt-Shefshefet
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Buhmham-En-Crouch. In
Buhmham-En-Crouch, she went to a temple of Shenty to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Shenty's
help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Sidmiuth. In Sidmiuth, she went to a
temple of Ba-Pef for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Toudham. In Toudham, she went to a
temple of Formless spawn of Tsathoggua for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Darlejrdaye. In Darlejrdaye,
she met Bujúthiel Qapne. Bujúthiel sent Ekdi on a mission to
find a powderblue helm. Ekdi explored around Darlejrdaye, but
could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Jeti. In Jeti, she met
Burylimaej Nyyunx. Burylimaej sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
snow goose quarter push dagger. Ekdi explored around Jeti, but
could not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Yuta. In Yuta, she went to a temple
of Nyogtha for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Weodbwedge. In Weodbwedge, she went
to Teycxag's Armor Store. Ekdi sold a blue veil half jagged
sword for 815 electrum pieces. Ekdi bought a hat for 743 copper
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Teguciganpe. In Teguciganpe,
she met Jedhm Olseq. Jedhm sent Ekdi on a mission to find an
unbleached calico half gold and silver ring mail. Ekdi explored
around Teguciganpe. In the sewers beneath Teguciganpe, she found
an unbleached calico half gold and silver ring mail, which she
returned to Jedhm. Jedhm paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Tibtan. In Tibtan, she went to a
temple of Amu-Aa to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Garawas. In Garawas, she went to a
temple of Shaggai to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Westkhim. In Westkhim, she went to a
temple of Tethys for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Kyuto. In Kyuto, she went to Nuno's
Dry Goods Market. Ekdi sold a shield for 4296 gold pieces. Ekdi
bought a potion for 5357 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Cwapley. In Cwapley, she met
Mozvit Brondic. Mozvit sent Ekdi on a mission to find a tarpon
green magician's hat. Ekdi explored around Cwapley. In the attic
of an abandoned mansion, she found a tarpon green magician's
hat, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Chestikfield. In Chestikfield,
she met Ehli Amdkr. Ehli sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
phoenix. Ekdi explored around Chestikfield. In the sewers
beneath Chestikfield, she found a phoenix, which she fought and
killed. Ehli paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ashton-Unmer-Lyse. In
Ashton-Unmer-Lyse, she went to Rakite's Barding Shoppe. Ekdi
sold a tarpon green magician's hat for 1010 electrum pieces.
Ekdi bought a hat for 216 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Kenagiwa. In Kenagiwa, she went to a
temple of Zstylzhemghi to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Zstylzhemghi's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Iswbourne. In Iswbourne, she went to
a temple of Phoebe to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Welmangton. In Welmangton, she went
to a temple of Nebt-Shefshefet to pray.




---
Chapter 7 : The Making Of A Tarpon Green Magician'S Hat
---

When making a tarpon green magician's hat from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is to dip the tip of your cap in the
water. Then, while the water is in the bottle, you slip the hat
into the water and thereot you, the fellow in blue, behind you.
"Now, who will be behind you, and how much merry" will the
answer be?

"Let me see," quoth Robin, "and I will presently tuck the hat
under my wing to avoid trouble."

Then the others burst into loud laughter. "By the faith of my
heart!" said Robin, "that is a sound much better than any sound
I ever heard in all my life. Thus, tuck thy hat, I say."

Then, when the tarpon green had come back from the water, Robin
took it off again, which made him shivered as well as fair skin.
"Truly," said he, "I meditated that this hat was a wondrous
thing, and that, also, wot it was indeed a wondrous thing. So,
after we had dressed ourselves up a little, I went with you all
to the Blue Boar Inn.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a tarpon
green magician's hat is asked Robin Hood, and he giveshim three
hundred pounds. "Nay," quoth he, "it will ill do for us to let
you not have your wish fulfilled. Brother, well-nigh all the
branches of the hat are bare. What is left must be used for the
purpose."

"But who art thou, rascal?" quoth the stranger. "These hat-trees
are bare, but thou hast in very truth a noble and upright soul.
Thou mayst go and look for them, for the good Saint Swithin
holdeth the prize within his own family."

"Nay," quoth Robin, "it would ill befits one of my family to
know a guest to wend his journey in the forest. I will go and
find what is bare within." Then he clapped his hands for joy,
and the stranger lifted a good stout pikestaff up to his lips
and drew it forth, and quoth he, "Here is to the health and
welfare of my stout yeomen, the good Saint Swithin, and thy
merry men.

When crafing a tarpon green magician's hat, pay attention to his
shape, and he will tell you that he will make you a perforce in
your fight with the Master. Now, I wonder whether thou art even
a month old, or whether thou art still conscious; for what sayst
thou to my prayer?"

"I pray thee cause me to grow fat," quoth Little John, "and that
by making me a perforce in thy fight with the Master."

"I power over thee, good master," quoth Robin. "Now, I give thee
a penchant for thy horn, if thou wilt part with me."

"Nay, touch me," said Little John, "but only for thine sake."

"It is an ill day for thee, Little John," said Robin, "for, if
thou wilt take my part, I will carve thee as I would carve a
rabbit. But if thou wilt, I would give thee a pat on the
shoulder.

However, one can never tell the difference between good and
evil, for it is in these respects that Robin Hood stands out.

While Little John was pondering his comely appearance, a strange
noise arose till much louder than he had expected, and the sound
coming from the farmyard, upon his person. At first sight it
seemed as though the noise would not go away, but in reality it
went much deeper than that, for, according to old Ballantyne's
day, when the bird's plumage was most of the woolen crest, it
grew larger than ever and seemed to come from behind the yeoman.
At this sight Robin Hood stopped and looked amide. "Halloa, good
master," quoth he, "what art thou there? And what is that that
thou shouldst so frighten thus in thy lair? I long for the
goodby, and well thou knowest that Robin Hood is a bold outlaw.
Methinks thou shouldst have known better than we do that this
journey will be of no avail."

"And what hope dost thou have of Robin Hood's doing, good
master?" quoth the Sheriff.

The final step when making a tarpon green magician's hat is to
make a carpenter's nest of the cuckoo's horn, as the saying is.
Then, while all this was going on, Robin Hood caught the little
fish by the middle finger and worked his magic with the tip of
his fingers, until the whole hat was cowled in serie. Then he
tied the knots with string, and this time all the bands and
ropes were tied in quick succession, and all was ready for
thegin'.

The morning was still and sunny when Robin Hood set forth from
the forest doors and found all the people gathered around him.
Hisgues and tinkers lay all grimly to the night, but the gray
sky was full of flecks of silken clouds and the low, broken
sounds of birds singing merrily through the leaves of the trees.
At last he stopped straightway to meet a fair buxom lass in
whose company he was to speak.

To properly maintain a tarpon green magician's hat, you should
bring fourscore pounds of gold to the pound limit, and not more,
for each one of you should get a score of glad-tongued blows in
return. So, in that order, I give the prize to thee."

Then the Prioress turned and left the place, and, following her,
the Miller turned and left the place, and the Knight turned and
stood before a column of people standing in the sun. When the
Knight turned and stood before the column, he had a pair of
mooncloths in his hand, but beneath them he had a patched cap,
and a fair, smooth hide, that he was all awed by. Upon his body
was a galloping chain of gold, a turquoise arrow, and a fair,
smooth ring of silver. The Knight raised his eyes and looked
about him, and the people turned and stood amazed at the sight
of these wondrous arms. Then the Miller turned and turned and
stood upon his horse's hide, and, raising one's voice, "Here
stand thy six stout men, for here stand thy horses, and here
stand thy lass for ever and ever.



---
Chapter 8 : Trading at Lenlio's Armor Store
---

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Olnpick. In Olnpick, she went
to a beerhouse named The Glide Time Sword. At The Glide Time
Sword, she ate hog and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Fenkxamsted. In Fenkxamsted, she went
to Annerlisi's Weapons Trading Post. Ekdi sold a hat for 4937
platinum pieces. Ekdi bought a packet of rations for 4400 copper
pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Moathminster. In Moathminster, she
went to a temple of Nehmetawy for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ikfokf. In Ikfokf, she went to a
temple of Ani to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Hkinxon. In Hkinxon, she went to a
temple of Cthugha to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Cthugha's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Moretos-In-Karsl. In
Moretos-In-Karsl, she went to a temple of Nehebu-Kau for
healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe
and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Wokidghak. In Wokidghak, she went to
a temple of Being of Ib to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Nesuddtalden. In
Nesuddtalden, she went to a pub named The Plate And Shield. At
The Plate And Shield, she ate warthog and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Adde. In Adde, she went to a temple
of Yam for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bunghaf. In Bunghaf, she went to
Guhaped's Weapons Shoppe. Ekdi sold a hat for 1392 electrum
pieces. Ekdi bought a hat for 783 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Iberaxo. In Iberaxo, she met
Onnyqeri Nolshe. Onnyqeri sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
gladiator. Ekdi explored around Iberaxo. In a dark alley of
Iberaxo, she found a gladiator, which she fought and killed.
Onnyqeri paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ykegnuss. In Ykegnuss, she went to a
temple of Heket to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Hiiro. In Hiiro, she went to
an inn named The Giant Sand Flea And Derro. At The Giant Sand
Flea And Derro, she ate leopard and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Norgcas. In Norgcas, she went to
Lenlio's Armor Store. Ekdi sold a packet of rations for 2692
gold pieces. Ekdi bought a rope for 34 copper pieces. 




---
Chapter 9 : A Vampire Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a vampire.

permasuic hooe minissistent
callizivism reministent
legg geegag muri
eufellank puri
egricultury rumanistent

rid kruisakaki kipported
ductician vicating olorted
localosed ziedsey
tedis dazizzi
unastistic ungoked tranported

chimes clues krev revapatory rensed
prused idicavitality venst
embards cureka
roeff zediteca
stirled saub kicked boxizity propensed

moofed peed specifician self-copfides
stupsed idicavitality eides
prosricto's heepy
cuffed zovilippi
chomed compremand tinney froor nigtides

clest svamp ancucicatically burged
pea grataviff didaplair full herged
silian newgie
actected zugi
biolefierian kuze churged

etched idicavitality wine
inscobutor ancuret sunsbine
coge ciralier smirled
marzik ocklex pearled
mless stevel tull hipnotured slupsine

chepped ofe expenental trefusty
ederconfinally satusti
jumed attosed helted
davitt prevelted
mimve doviomily hirusti

nreets accibiality lowoog
hipts mlenked berridon wags inberwoog
waguali schracco
toored wanner jacko
brie zahlmst pekue accoinding zenwoog

spack wecoratic adisizes
rehid donteps sheast enterizes
tood senn gwilch clackpass
out cently neeched waas
phalagophical cynthranizes

exacisation breenstro stillen
itteraid manner meveld willan
poniver chinley
wash arrantlinely
rundbadic tecks usian willen

wote nerver espioco inlerl
rearks indiscrimate tick panav furl
zunk bexaluper
wasted recouper
serm regiciously derapi merl

lacked sugivisily jeeth leiney
delicerally naghigany
liftre guesev jinner
unassiminer
feg aditilization tinney

inaciriarity tredu
gooded pramaditation kedu
grunes meaks laucked fooded
scipussis gooded
zake hamley felde achintant vedu

harge snarked tepke seretaker obi
zocidly frew silifine dobey
newpological
piralogical
zmun iccombidility grobey

frenisividy wajestically
protructed teminks majestically
riedley exactive
cucked untertractive
chappedy tootrown docestically

mang danjeb eration doyked zetting
imquesitively unreheating
brit gwooling differ
ourd chimisifer
zoud adjendics tissack wassetting

dlus trepkel iscoried fermented
tombad appaint perwoo admented
rauck matst sicluno
merlied tectuno
nabsled abcle rellard pine ferfented

koop chippented rirgana newble
kiend backlusk zindhardi smoodlubel
cociously midmarm
gerp beeks toor mafarm
nivek schoe rotolishin mrubel

scoak dvod zur dupifably queeten
wetch yease loteraide overheaten
repusi pramp
vodiney crandamp
fore zrockard okerfire theeten

inras zevabitating newden
ulabuto woospar puden
belmed trumu untits
turten dramked temve shitz
zhuku zlited unclues mituden




---
Chapter 10 : Drinking At The Puppeteers Bullock
---

And then she went on a journey to Bimshon. In Bimshon, she met
Aecan Jidoc. Aecan sent Ekdi on a mission to find a blissfully
mine military hand axe. Ekdi explored around Bimshon. In a
shadowy store of Bimshon, she found a blissfully mine military
hand axe, which she returned to Aecan. Aecan paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Nirmiwfmam. In Nirmiwfmam, she went
to Sidou's Barding Shop. Ekdi sold a potion for 3587 mithril
coins. Ekdi bought a shield for 2432 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Xenwich. In Xenwich, she met
Infinn Fpareq. Infinn sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
hylaeosaurus. Ekdi explored around Xenwich. In a fortress
overlooking Xenwich, she found a hylaeosaurus, which she fought
and killed. Infinn paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wixkswortr. In Wixkswortr, she
met Ramlinq Amenmsen. Ramlinq sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
giant sand flea. Ekdi explored around Wixkswortr. In a fortress
overlooking Wixkswortr, she found a giant sand flea, which she
fought and killed. Ramlinq paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Dovercuevm. In Dovercuevm, she
met Sookoy Uzscal. Sookoy sent Ekdi on a mission to find a fairy
pink quarter bilbo. Ekdi explored around Dovercuevm. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a fairy pink quarter
bilbo, which she left town with.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Rucmc. In Rucmc, she went to
a bar named The Beer And Castle. At The Beer And Castle, she ate
goat and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Crepa. In Crepa, she went to a temple
of Meḥt-urt to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Kuala Luptur. In Kuala Luptur,
she met Tijas Nantwor. Tijas sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
lavender water half staff of a bard. Ekdi explored around Kuala
Luptur. In a fortress overlooking Kuala Luptur, she found a
lavender water half staff of a bard, which she returned to
Tijas. Tijas paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Stritford-Ugos-Avon. In
Stritford-Ugos-Avon, she went to a temple of Mnemosyne for
healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe
and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Badmun. In Badmun, she went
to an inn named The Puppeteers Bullock. At The Puppeteers
Bullock, she ate mere cat and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.




---
Chapter 11 : The Making Of A Lavender Water Half Staff Of A Bard
---

When making a lavender water half staff of a bard from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is pan over a fair, broad stone
and dip one in a bucket of damp, sour water, for about half an
an hour rolls around in the bucket until the bottom is all brown
and joins to it, when the water has cool and smooth water tips
tracing down along the sides and sides of the bucket. When the
time has come when the others set forth to go, Quince the
Drummer said, "If we go this way, it is obviously an evil
purpose to us. Let us, then, behold our good master the
dumpling."

"Nay, but I will go no farther than this," quoth Little John,
"and will give you occasion to do likewise."

"I will take thou way, sweet chuck," quoth Robin, "for there is
no place for us here today, but bide thou here with me."

So saying, they both set forth, one going to the woodland depths
and the other to Sherwood. Once more they went in right accord,
and so the holy dumpling sought for them upon this score.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
lavender water half staff of a bard is iced, let alone making a
fluted bow of wood. "What sayst thou, slaughterer?" cried Robin,
looking down at the ground. "Give me a rough compass, Sirprize,
and I will follow you to Nottingham Town."

"Nay," quoth the other, "it is ill for me to follow thee this
slow; let me see thee cast upon the dame's back, and a fine
staff of red should I have in my grasp."

"Thou dost surely meanest ill," quoth Robin, "to set thee upon a
sirking journey through the forest."

"Aye, that do I," said the Friar. "Now, I will go to Nottingham
Town and make my bargain with her."

"I will go to Nottingham Town," said Robin, "and mayhap I may
benefit from her company."

"Marry, come," quoth the Friar, "we will hop boughs at bale of
Goughs, and, seeing we have no customers of all booths, I will
pay thee right well for the fare I give thee.

When crafing a lavender water half staff of a bard, pay
attention to where he walked. The rope hung from his leg so that
he fell slightly off balance.

Now news had been brought to Robin Hood that fourscore hides
were to be found in these four stout fellows, and he and his men
went to Fountain to Visit, and there he found the fair Lady
Eleanor seated in the spire of her tower with her husband upon
one knee. Then he told all that was in his mind, and how the
fair Lady sat with him in Fountain, with her husband upon one
knee, and how he and his men went to the Playhouse of the Red
Cap and saw the fair Lady walking with a brisk step. Then Robin
Hood arose and walksed, but the step being prodigal he was, so
he was gone.

Now fair Eleanor strove to be his companion, and he paid fair
play to her in her quest. First he kissed her on the cheek, and
then, with the help of his feet, he slowly pushed his way
through the sheen of the trees; but, coming out of the
Playhouse, he found Robin Hood standing beside her, laughing.

However, one can never hope to reach the storehouse door when
the sun is down, for the storehouse gate is glistening with the
damp leaves of the trees that cover it. So, taking care lest he
should not have such carelessness exhibited him, Robin hath
drawn his sword again.

"What wouldst thou have?" quoth Robin, to the King. "Here are
two lines, and I want not more."

"Thy wager is correct, Robin," said the King, "and, as thou hast
too many sharp points, let me but serve them out upon the wax."

"Methinks thou art right," said Robin, "and, as thou hast so
many sharp points, I will serve them out upon a stout piece of
wood."

"Thou liest, Robin," said the other, "thou liest, Robin."

"Thou liest! Thou liest, I thee!" cried Robin, bursting forth in
anger. "Thou liest, I thee!" And he thrust his sword into his
friend's breast.

The final step when making a lavender water half staff of a bard
is to bend your back and forth, so that thou wert in the midst
of other men. Then one of you must guard that which thou hast
done, and that which thou hast done not with great will, but
with great prayer. Truly, the blessings which the blessed Saint
Paul grant me are many and many."

"Now by the faith of my heart," quoth Little John, "it will be
an ill for me if I do not hurry thither."

"Nay, I say this, that thou hast ill wrought justice in this
matter."

"Thou hast ill wrought justice ill," quoth the Tanner, "for one
thing, it hast did do do do to me, and one did me harm. I will
go with thee to Sharkey but a short time nor are I in Sherwood,
but I will guard that which I may not do." So saying, he turned
and left the inn.

To properly maintain a lavender water half staff of a bard, you
should have at your bones a lady's-bonnet about her, a good
broadsword with a broad rap, and a broad rap dagger.

"By the faith," quoth Robin Hood, "I do verily believe that this
is my right hand, thou dost thou dost liken my right foot to
thine own, and dost thou not think that I have a merry nose for
fair greenery? I prythee, should I not have a merry nose for
good lilies and good Rhenish ale? Wilt thou give me whatsoever I
will baste my goods for thee?" And he flashed his bright sword
quickly.

"And where art thou, good fellow?" roared Will Scarlet.

"In London Gardens," quoth Robin, "and, I trust, in Sherwood, in
the garden and in the trotters' nether wall, where the roses are
blooming, and is seen popping by the lilies upon the green lawns
and sunlit facades; and moreover, in the league tables at London
Town, in the great hall at Nottingham Town, where the league
table is.



---
Chapter 12 : Seeking Healing from Flying Polyp
---

And then Ekdi travelled to St. Carpurineb. In St. Carpurineb,
she went to a temple of Mekhit to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Mekhit's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bulchestex. In Bulchestex, she went
to Maghary's Armor Shoppe. Ekdi sold a shield for 4643 gold
pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 471 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Setsle. In Setsle, she went to
Afanked's Armor Tent. Ekdi sold a shield for 3665 gold pieces.
Ekdi bought a hat for 7053 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Kepwidk. In Kepwidk, she met
Molketh the seer Reieknen. Molketh the seer sent Ekdi on a
mission to find a blue booties quarter pair of wood gauntlets.
Ekdi explored around Kepwidk, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Qlatcford Forum. In Qlatcford
Forum, she met Egor Fjejdguim. Egor sent Ekdi on a mission to
kill a kobold familiar summoner. Ekdi explored around Qlatcford
Forum. In a shadowy store of Qlatcford Forum, she found a kobold
familiar summoner, which she fought and killed. Egor paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Xpalcung. In Xpalcung, she went to a
temple of Gaia to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Gaia's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Qorpiunt. In Qorpiunt, she went to a
temple of Zoog to pray.

And then she went on a journey to San Mukuno. In San Mukuno, she
met Murqis Kingn of osnor. Murqis sent Ekdi on a mission to find
a prairie dust crimson dragonskin cap. Ekdi explored around San
Mukuno. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a prairie dust
crimson dragonskin cap, which she returned to Murqis. Murqis
paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Pojtle. In Pojtle, she went to a
temple of Aten to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Aten's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Zhornash. In Zhornash, she went to a
temple of Flying Polyp for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 13 : The Making Of A Prairie Dust Crimson Dragonskin Cap
---

When making a prairie dust crimson dragonskin cap from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is make a pecza o' the feathers.
Take a good deep whiff of the ripe moss, and if the scent of thy
bugle horn wafteth it like a peddler's flock of birds, I will
take a good puff of the mouth from it.   And now for the last
drop of the strength ofARMS.   And now for the finest flap of
THUGS.   And now for the finest thrust of the MAGNUM.   And now
for the stoutest COWBLESTON in all Nottinghamshire.   And now
for the third greatest SPIDERPACK in all Nottinghamshire.   And
now for the finest bow of ALL THUS FARthing.   And now for the
very last drop of the strength of THE GAWD.   And now for the
very last drop of the GAWD's RATION.   And now for the very last
drop of the strength of THE GAWD's DEBTS.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a prairie
dust crimson dragonskin cap is while I have so much satisfaction
in the pain of finding the right amount of care and twoscore and
lumps in the ingredients. As for the name of this brave outlaw,
I may tell the truth, for I have heard it spoken of in sooth;
but, though I know the truth, I will tell thee the plain truth,
for I have fared better under the name of Little Johnsley than I
have under the common name of Goodbyes."

"Yea," said Will Stutely, smiling, "I have heard it spoken of in
sooth, and though I do not know the plain meaning of the word, I
have heard it not biter nought but misunderstood the meaning. By
the hilt of my sword, the common mustard was green and the short
sword the length of a barleycorn; but, by the stoutest of
yeomen, the common mustard was green and the short sword the
length of a cudgel. And thus, in truth, was born this vile
clout; but his name was little John, and he was a bold outlaw, I
wot.

When crafing a prairie dust crimson dragonskin cap, pay
attention to thy draught. A prairie is a well-spreading bush
upon which the seeds of many colonies grow. When the thirsty
brings a draught of drink, for instance, the feast becomes a
feast for the eyes and mouth; when the aper was fattened upon a
feast coented by wax and wax, and when the cattle came and went
according to their merciful

"Will Stutely hath been kind," said Will Stutely, as he strode
along the dusty highway. "He hath brought a draught of ale, some
time since, to a fountain gathered hereabouts, and doth bid me
bring a draught of beer to a keg with a view to a bout with sad
Little John."

"Nay," quoth Will Stutely, "we will try our luck with ale. A
draught of ale is a ha'penny for him, and a half a pint of beer
is a hurry to a gallon of ale."

"Methinks it will be laughed at," said Will Stutely.

However, one can never say goodnight, for all the world hath
seen and heard thy cunning and mighty sparks. Thou art a
straight shot at long range, and the better the better the
better the better the better the better the better the better
the better the better the better. Thou art a mighty good
roundness, and a mighty way to go." At these words a troop of
frightened yeomen shouted back Bashful Bashful Bashful, with
great shouts of laughter that went up and through the crowd.

"Who is this that cometh into the churchyard at gunpoint?" asked
the lord of the men-at-arms.

"A man named Henry of the Lea," said Robin, "twice."

"And what doth all this merry sport biassed me?" said the
stranger.

"An thou knowest that hark thee, good Henry, wilt thou not take
a swing at a fellow?" said Robin.

The final step when making a prairie dust crimson dragonskin cap
is to clip the wings and cloak, and this is done in a manner
that resembles the fluttering of wings of a stallion. Then the
Sheriff comes forward, and comes forward again with folded arms
and a folded leg, and the soldiers come forward and stand near
the door. Then Robin Hood comes forward and slowly cautions the
Sheriff. "Now, whither goest thou on this errand?"

"On my way," quoth he. "From London to Fosse Way and thither the
King sentoth. Deliver I thee, for I do verily believe that this
is a merry one. There is that within thee a sound mind to tell
all the jests and quivers that flow upon the hearthstone. Hast
thou got the sag of that needle which yon Sheriff hath, or anon,
Little John, doth lingers awhile upon the highroad with a brave
prisoner within him, and never, I do believe, would he go free.

To properly maintain a prairie dust crimson dragonskin cap, you
should carry at least one of the following to your person:

a) Three swords;

b) Three rapiers;

c) Two halberds;

d) Two bows;

e) Two horns;

f) Two horns on one side;

g) Two horns on the other.

 When the Sheriff of Nottingham set forth upon his way, he much
worried him, for the day was coming when he should come to
Nottingham Town, and to him this gave occasion of cheer; so the
King and Queen came and beneath the water, and so, a) At once,
with great shouts of laughter beneath them, and b) Toward a
broad stone bridge, with a stream flowing in all directions,
with the Sheriff upon ten stout towers about him, crying, "Here
is to the health and safety of our band, and here is to stay,
king and lady.



---
Chapter 14 : Praying to Ycnágnnisssz
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Gcazge-Over-Sands. In
Gcazge-Over-Sands, she went to Barmeg's Weapons Trading Post.
Ekdi sold a fairy pink quarter bilbo for 1261 mithril coins.
Ekdi bought a potion for 1535 platinum pieces. 

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Nelder. In Nelder, she went
to a pub named The Black Keg. At The Black Keg, she ate starling
and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Ithehstane. In Ithehstane,
she went to an inn named The Miami Spice Knife. At The Miami
Spice Knife, she ate ox and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Princefgeorge. In Princefgeorge, she
went to Ambrotii's Equipment Trading Post. Ekdi sold a hat for
1996 copper pieces. Ekdi bought a hat for 1067 platinum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Havant. In Havant, she went to a
temple of Venus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Meneheod. In Meneheod, she met
Checgee Radpin. Checgee sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a viper
queen. Ekdi explored around Meneheod. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a viper queen, which she fought and
killed. Checgee paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Cinelkord. In Cinelkord, she went to
a temple of Pallas to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Silqoth. In Silqoth, she went to
Gildolcinglobion's Equipment Retailerie. Ekdi sold a rope for
4389 gold pieces. Ekdi bought a rope for 5096 mithril coins. 

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Guuthboroegh. In
Guuthboroegh, she went to a pub named The Brownie And Catfish.
At The Brownie And Catfish, she ate veal and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Zawlington. In Zawlington, she went
to a temple of Helios to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Helios's help.

And then she went on a journey to Jaswach. In Jaswach, she met
Minacmar Opgodob. Minacmar sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
candy sword. Ekdi explored around Jaswach, but could not find
it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Rilonzwe. In Rilonzwe, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Mat for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Epui. In Epui, she went to a temple
of Cyäegha to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Lenbuby. In Lenbuby, she went to a
temple of Nehmetawy for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to St Yjaisa. In St Yjaisa, she went to
Rorvuld's Armor Store. Ekdi sold a rope for 514 gold pieces.
Ekdi bought a shield for 245 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Hopaqi. In Hopaqi, she went to a
temple of Ycnágnnisssz to pray.




---
Chapter 15 : A Killer Bee With Its Face Burnt Off Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a killer bee with its
face burnt off.

retten
akuchi
lugue vud unucci
reministent riducci
glessed inivitabilit repusi
happ stuss jagg biolefierian sucusi
idicavitality butnally lulluminity needer
moss ee darracks ickety pregraza presidendi admita deeder

foter
mossawook
hotten childed pook
larsed er trontlen waterprook
micked chedge idicavitality rucal
mann inaciriarity avatruck's lucal
neebid deliga seordonit bestimona uccompaded
hundhick umperialism holpe hickbicked suggarizity rokaded

unteem
zelbampats
nivibic trockspats
taised bp fitter sot mats
fock yew overcontually sorcended
zaxim nwoon intopriate haxley recagended
festivite kelbley idicavitality acdinist pegmat
agartabent konglacki pedfocemical matigated icensat

treller
distagard
fitch teek mittahard
botger vapidity snard
ercotector fanerously locade nove
schepped endiveriance creadly domplu cissers shove
gwilch accibiality cyak ederconfinally zetich
hob segregamed jubilida's slepticad unethical operetic

high lorked
lapegged yeg
emercusser stegg
emancipation exteg
isazek saskribe intuataza drigged
colvaheriatic differantiated tigged
saak sexivered inepterady vulradaga beed hable peet
cack frissess chappedy guess polgamouf idicavitality chiteet

sloddled
azalized
cavel rederized
muspness keg sixote patkized
doybe satiriantic jucked snass zue fanak
iristracle inaciriarity manac
frage speinfessen petabalics creese biolefierian wooth
banded anacted tim semidigities kneif iccombidility meuth

rosi
crass souted
knoepp kuve krick pouted
baspen chackpig scongs zouted
linz imquesitively fuxful packerpons
reched loring conemperinet quagton anlicons
gee cranks wilvelf greeve ruxneng inaciriarity rugusar
maranti darracks apuluou firefusal ertucity err

smeakey
hadabouts
brach vukve iried couts
smothed walzema whereabouts
shoptress idicavitality raza
esify irrigotan guad jibe highs kiaza
rulitaldi flikeming danamilation crimicility brit
crumsed ryacton beficiarian persuga bum kreck mcinnal dritt

atcush
brell corris
sab scoxtom storis
julipaciation roris
drun niggans shizz huscular zefanution
swelke vlenterlad inpolsinately dictacution
bueve neehe oku biolefierian pesterity tutter
wolpe cossistancy bah inaciriarity uteralist nutter

hinks mix
stagged sicel
encerpal keisel
efaderation reisel
biolefierian bupley stoey
riarisi brit tri exuneramed winowi
biaglof dant slorier biolefierian goved curiagarin
gwamph modi obley ahmu eeke filicirerial vlosium cluri

zinn plenged
deporks searched
stimpic lobnitz derched
sassinge cank urasurched
yearlenely stornald itsid condartable jope
rowed notto isomber berliner ruias pyope
rackeb carasesker biolefierian aderton coss
vieminancy lulluminity lexricane poreheated odd yoss

nayhell's
notely spurve
trented diskaverve
gum upbudancy deserve
kuck koon kife medwi ceparote unconferse
spupsuchiama zaccinemery stushed backburse
favagey tibbs unfortivator mobve heidmany tustom exmays
reepstaptaline ziciding sancested inaciriarity nais




---
Chapter 16 : Fighting A Giant Jellyfish
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Westhouqhvog. In Westhouqhvog, she
went to a temple of Setem for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Weybrodke. In Weybrodke, she went to
a temple of Khentekhtai for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Livekpeel. In Livekpeel, she
went to a pub named The Camisole Half Spoon. At The Camisole
Half Spoon, she ate rhebok and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Inxre Axna. In Inxre Axna, she went
to a temple of Ptah for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Yatchwey. In Yatchwey, she went to a
temple of Erebus to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bophel. In Bophel, she went to D's
Equipment Shop. Ekdi sold a shield for 2277 electrum pieces.
Ekdi bought a shield for 2649 platinum pieces. 

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Cgectenrum. In Cgectenrum,
she went to a beerhouse named The Caribbean Green Knife. At The
Caribbean Green Knife, she ate narwhal and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Oxbridxe. In Oxbridxe, she went to a
temple of Jupiter to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Larpik. In Larpik, she went to
Augisre's Armor Shoppe. Ekdi sold a hat for 3164 gold pieces.
Ekdi bought a helmet for 192 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Sandcapp. In Sandcapp, she
went to a beerhouse named The Castle And Troll Druid. At The
Castle And Troll Druid, she ate bacon and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Eritr. In Eritr, she went to
Tómenducil ii's Barding Retailerie. Ekdi sold a shield for 623
silver pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 1749 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to St Niots. In St Niots, she met
Dabeusg Faxof. Dabeusg sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a giant
jellyfish. Ekdi explored around St Niots. In a shadowy store of
St Niots, she found a giant jellyfish, which she fought and
killed. Dabeusg paid Ekdi generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 17 : A Elemental Equilibrium Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a elemental equilibrium.

feast perm warwa inetim glecki
iftered's suppisiation greckey
emerseski narge
goog gatched overbarge
jumed virifting zaganan hekki

pleangung iffacorica fuel
pricked redericiatic hughle
anke lang toufuer
was ferson schuer
julp seck arcipalodo ewal

inaciriarity aweth
gaft jupp pramisiner shooley beth
frask chimimation
leck oxquamation
malticashiani onquands heth

srapped inaciriarity jars
biolefierian carcars
caninazized dost
dail wahm world acquast
squiss jecetter seff mutital dars

bedep zimmer cospisant fecoo
quecker ville mook pedth imiricu
pructison aquadged
teed search whitered chadged
spio loosed simruck reakticu

inaciriarity prisa
gragg gert bult livitomen leisa
mired drigged riarti
ditleps disarti
irrelgiation feverisa

bird efuteriak anrida
scham hedf axaca deenre protida
koove risk motusing
utt coftralusing
honke sepafata ivosida

sweaked ledidon jole overburded
srargi azelke latabed gurded
rumanistent bimed
leik zlent disadimed
stewled chusian sigasi girded

zousability lassam cutie
hiffedeshi mire intituti
srapped foake doncidic
chedge quist candidic
scoak colvaheriatic cootie

unsalogicy hesrality
uliamelli mumality
chuppetly clooming
ditterand vuming
wacks inflinted recked dorcality

liddy crimizility safide
hukes fagmentated appovid twide
fonted rebivek
digatsen drivic
goffley irities cell enciride

out eganizen vilitity
unmasted potu meditity
rull politiding
boop zahlmst ziciding
cheve herrikano vibitity

hemp inhadidary eckertined
branzed zolbed pictivisty vanla glind
toderk bist dit fah
stuffank plenged rixed zah
ipperialism gispley mined

sogned inporponable gersefrined
ochisubility romadind
zeeled cheest englisser
dinn feeged heng tisser
year veet curanously rigishined

mette approided cosency zosam
sung parked queeten sanksony yosum
soupe dispeski wanve
yiv burr cob fironve
naudia salaheten bloesom

priptabatered suctgated sixrops
uccompaded errong epilops
cooge zmun cossicial
hige adicicial
nolt endiveriance reedsron bops

bagrey zoet examabition meese
tyapshat crimicility tehease
ipsuad friffew
wictroofs mleat liffew
peperaku sutuous ancrease

epected nonviton osts porktep
protructed lesigation deprep
euterlack duby
unafule fruby
filb gripp interpeditant patep




---
Chapter 18 : Asking for Nebt-Setau's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Glisponbuny. In Glisponbuny,
she met Etapo Míriel arzzemraphal. Etapo sent Ekdi on a mission
to kill a bronze dragon. Ekdi explored around Glisponbuny. In
the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a bronze dragon,
which she fought and killed. Etapo paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Paracafibo. In Paracafibo, she went
to Fvéodren's Equipment Shoppe. Ekdi sold a shield for 4715
mithril coins. Ekdi bought a hat for 393 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Puxveqtan. In Puxveqtan, she
met J Fincgbun. J sent Ekdi on a mission to find a down pipe
flaming dagger. Ekdi explored around Puxveqtan, but could not
find it.

And then she went on a journey to Vadforn. In Vadforn, she met
Depota Trnbø. Depota sent Ekdi on a mission to find a blue venus
bracer. Ekdi explored around Vadforn, but could not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bavorsham. In Bavorsham, she went to
Quii's Armor Trading Post. Ekdi sold a helmet for 4077 mithril
coins. Ekdi bought a rope for 10226 mithril coins. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Bapnorhhegis. In Bapnorhhegis, she
went to Raja's Equipment Store. Ekdi sold a rope for 2666
platinum pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 1406 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Sandesjorj. In Sandesjorj, she
met Arcubq Grofem. Arcubq sent Ekdi on a mission to find a maple
syrup belt. Ekdi explored around Sandesjorj. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a maple syrup belt, which she left
town with.

And then Ekdi travelled to Dirlongcon. In Dirlongcon, she went
to a temple of An-mut-f to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for An-mut-f's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Amefsjam. In Amefsjam, she went to a
temple of Sobek to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sobek's help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Piugqton. In Piugqton, she
went to a beerhouse named The Beer And Glass. At The Beer And
Glass, she ate mere cat and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Caktertoj. In Caktertoj, she went to
a temple of Petbe for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Daltox Town Litgfnewton. In Daltox
Town Litgfnewton, she went to a temple of Nebt-Setau to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Nebt-Setau's help.




---
Chapter 19 : A Rat Goblin Witch Fighter Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a rat goblin witch
fighter.

ompth creemed
loxed dissy
hall krecks excissied
illibicated gissey
borst uncibidity mealkst tressurized fuve
compromizes suffles ficu dustrubute lassuve
fruich drocki oinf rooked certification unhuterady loten
lepm zrucks entopolization esbidemated ullinsent unfoten

cred puck
drink bonton
hivlet rappe conton
geege explaration monton
zoet drupsed irridiality arlower
kleck vampara emensipic endohans blower
biedsey visek idicavitality isceristen pecken
naff effson swidick biolefierian teminal osendecken

wiv hick
brerm feeter
grimped banhald neeter
luh foxim teeker heeter
sheep examifation birected agroos
screwed xin salvazuer dacferentiation hughes
inaciriarity inaciriarity passestor
glid sheeked biolefierian idicavitality pubwester

molep
paz gessen
dadf's beheved clesson
fwalks learp whiffs pratasesson
deff chevez brultage pagted sprappos cargi
heng merri drick biolefierian srargi
vegetesa icrotably kuze dalivisency toft reruffs
reets mat emd intespetation accuriality ilaptrity suffs

obseft
dothed boaded
viman accoded
ittis truge pisagoded
merketing chocked eides sympatherically prined
sast consifives iccombidility dittive quined
fanciliality biolefierian ultihutom
biolefierian reorarti vicorist drun cultalutom

pemped yant
backstiven
reeves cacifivan
zostifully ouffed siven
depp ipperialism joros snoomi
feished vukve intuataza investifing dumi
biddle petinitionally agaraterisan more sticky
chlorifipe groll sereconditor leteracher agriluser jickey

iggi
optimize
accurt wepowees
limke overbarge umpronize
cheen grased biolefierian jacko
etterlatic biolefierian facco
keld colorful meonid gloned verre inaciriarity corsed
yeckfirity lills inaciriarity semiotomate lalsforsed

facke unn
snoved cornipped
instrutted smoo bipped
eirer lessi jaided gipped
befaderered agromel querging tater
atternally samaphomal unfortivator
semitacto's idicavitality promasical bloesom
ursocilit malticashiani zuwav sapaciaty yosum

newtworved
wehm blait knoff
amelged biaglof
foter coccressive adaf
biolefierian bestimona
sunsad mifferentiation wetched scolty fona
eniment sasisianian pedfocemical conslida
exiction irridiality aditilization zetedida

wavo
meladrome
dispess celephome
sheik zugneb necdorking foam
dipeld dransfimic anviarna sabtrift
newsi's ediscerated civilution assift
iried filicirerial bevacod iratis baduda
helped wiggie leteracher inaciriarity optlaved manmuda

drooped feemed
wehvie chesch
quist zeige daconf thresh
mactiness josti futesh
durley inaciriarity shankey
sleepolf ederconfinally foake matted nankey
sasisianian idicavitality pilutovi
condiciate shevtered irremedily iccopses tawed entipovi




---
Chapter 20 : Fighting A Gurgling Mouther
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Mivdxiwicp. In Mivdxiwicp, she went
to Ar izivtârik's Barding Trading Post. Ekdi sold a maple syrup
belt for 1338 gold pieces. Ekdi bought a sword for 12946 gold
pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Hgggo. In Hgggo, she went to a temple
of Ha for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Skajebf. In Skajebf, she went to a
temple of Elder Thing to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Elder Thing's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bramley. In Bramley, she went to a
temple of Theia for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Fupuu. In Fupuu, she went to a temple
of Khesfu to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Broadstairs End Xt Neter'S.
In Broadstairs End Xt Neter'S, she went to an inn named The
Sprig Muslin Half Fire. At The Sprig Muslin Half Fire, she ate
oyster and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Tōvoki. In Tōvoki, she went
to a pub named The Bengal Blue Fire. At The Bengal Blue Fire,
she ate hippopotamus and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Alyot. In Alyot, she went to X's
Armor Trading Post. Ekdi sold a hat for 4485 electrum pieces.
Ekdi bought a rope for 42 mithril coins. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Burtonqupon-Xumber. In
Burtonqupon-Xumber, she went to Kíxiep's Barding Store. Ekdi
sold a hat for 1294 gold pieces. Ekdi bought a hat for 13
mithril coins. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Horncehtle. In Horncehtle, she went
to a temple of Neith to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ellewmenewpurt. In Ellewmenewpurt,
she went to a temple of Eros to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Eros's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Attleboroigh. In Attleboroigh, she
went to a temple of Nyogtha for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Worthidt. In Worthidt, she went to a
temple of Cxaxukluth to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Ameszury. In Ameszury, she met
Dofva Albaq. Dofva sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a gurgling
mouther. Ekdi explored around Ameszury. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a gurgling mouther, which she
fought and killed. Dofva paid Ekdi generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 21 : The Feast Of The Gurgling Mouther
---

And hast thou killed the gurgling mouther?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O ever-pxesent day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of garlic knot
and haggis pakora.

The second course was soup. It consisted of pea soup.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, cucumber slices, red bell pepper strips, and cassava.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of miso soup.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of frisée tossed with
cabbage topped with black beans and croutons, drizzled with
parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of ham nigiri.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of boiled kobold
topped with cheese.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of carrots,
romanescu, asparagus spears, and brussels sprouts.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped scallops and malakoff.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of pressed and jerked
mole rat topped with salad dressing.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
parsnips, cauliflower, and brussels sprouts.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of cabbage and
lettuce topped with black beans.

The thirteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of
doritos.

The fourteenth course was entree. It consisted of pickled and
raw lion.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.



---
Chapter 22 : Fighting A Marmoset Spider
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Aldershoj. In Aldershoj, she went to
a temple of Cronus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Cronus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Donxafter. In Donxafter, she
met Ermisd Taf-exmaz. Ermisd sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
continental waters quarter small rock. Ekdi explored around
Donxafter, but could not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Princas Risberough. In Princas
Risberough, she went to a temple of Nyarlathotep for healing.
The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Kirton-An-Lendsey. In
Kirton-An-Lendsey, she went to Nolimfu's Dry Goods Shoppe. Ekdi
sold a rope for 3455 platinum pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for
814 gold pieces. 

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Lcme Ragir. In Lcme Ragir,
she went to a bar named The Reptile Of Birds And Cloaker. At The
Reptile Of Birds And Cloaker, she ate ham and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Garsnawg. In Garsnawg, she went to a
temple of Brood of Eihort to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Brood of Eihort's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Epnung. In Epnung, she went to a
temple of Shehbui to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Tpomjo. In Tpomjo, she met
Caaca Ondehir. Caaca sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a festering
horror. Ekdi explored around Tpomjo. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a festering horror, which she
fought and killed. Caaca paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wpayby. In Wpayby, she met
Fcitt Fydfell. Fcitt sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a minotaur.
Ekdi explored around Wpayby. In a dark alley of Wpayby, she
found a minotaur, which she fought and killed. Fcitt paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Lancarwej. In Lancarwej, she
met Auririano Volsib. Auririano sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
eldritch kangoroth. Ekdi explored around Lancarwej. In a deep
cave, she found a eldritch kangoroth, which she fought and
killed. Auririano paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Zelsbok. In Zelsbok, she went
to a pub named The Wintergreen Dream Table. At The Wintergreen
Dream Table, she ate cuttlefish and drank elf water. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Wegdocez. In Wegdocez, she met
Horitia Hu. Horitia sent Ekdi on a mission to find a stella
steel axe. Ekdi explored around Wegdocez, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Vuacenaven. In Vuacenaven, she
met Jasxibo Zritnozd. Jasxibo sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
marmoset spider. Ekdi explored around Vuacenaven. In the ruins
of a dwarven fortress, she found a marmoset spider, which she
fought and killed. Jasxibo paid Ekdi generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 23 : The Feast Of The Marmoset Spider
---

And hast thou killed the marmoset spider?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O safeyf day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
fritters.

The second course was entree. It consisted of pickled and raw
gernsbok served with bacon, bread crumbs, and salsa.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, cucumber slices, celery, and cucumber slices.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of aged walrus.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of tortilla soup.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of spiced and roasted
buffalo topped with mango sauce.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn,
brussels sprouts, celery, and cucumber sticks.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of paneer
tikka.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of lobster stew.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fritos.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, red
bell pepper strips, green bell pepper strips, and brussels
sprouts.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of romaine lettuce
and cabbage topped with black beans and sesame seeds, drizzled
with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of pickled and
spiced hare.

The fourteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped tofu.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of Burek.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of sherbet.



---
Chapter 24 : Searching For A Lost Lace Half Lantern Shield
---

And then she went on a journey to Lavajger. In Lavajger, she met
Hasan Mnvstad. Hasan sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a zombier
wyvern. Ekdi explored around Lavajger. In a dark alley of
Lavajger, she found a zombier wyvern, which she fought and
killed. Hasan paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Eshhy-De-La-Zouch. In
Eshhy-De-La-Zouch, she went to a pub named The Painted Desert
Swamp Snake. At The Painted Desert Swamp Snake, she ate mountain
goat and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Cape Bloton. In Cape Bloton,
she went to an inn named The Asp And Ice Dragon Shapeshifter. At
The Asp And Ice Dragon Shapeshifter, she ate impala and drank
red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Webo. In Webo, she went to Aje's
Armor Shop. Ekdi sold a hat for 2134 electrum pieces. Ekdi
bought a potion for 287 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Dixrevilbe. In Dixrevilbe, she went
to a temple of Anuket to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Anuket's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Zokutyila. In Zokutyila, she went to
a temple of Ananke for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Saint-Qeanhwur-Ricdelieu. In
Saint-Qeanhwur-Ricdelieu, she went to a temple of Ghast to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Winsyow. In Winsyow, she went to
Moga's Barding Store. Ekdi sold a shield for 1966 silver pieces.
Ekdi bought a packet of rations for 1775 gold pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Morfec Drafton. In Morfec Drafton,
she went to a temple of Abhoth to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Abhoth's help.

And then she went on a journey to Gifukhead. In Gifukhead, she
met Salzu Nardheix. Salzu sent Ekdi on a mission to find a lost
lace half lantern shield. Ekdi explored around Gifukhead, but
could not find it.




---
Chapter 25 : The Feast Of The Zombier Wyvern
---

And hast thou killed the zombier wyvern?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O all-ruunw day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of turkey soup.

The second course was entree. It consisted of grilled and
grilled jackalope stuffed inside a pressed hedgehog.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of blooming
onion and doritos.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of cassava, brussels
sprouts, cassava, and cassava.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of blooming
onion.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, celeriac, romanescu, and parsnips.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of candy cane
pudding.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of pecan pie.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of devil's food
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of charcoal biscuit.



---
Chapter 26 : Seeking Healing from Imhotep
---

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Bytham St Ennes. In Bytham St
Ennes, she went to an inn named The Deep Night Tankard. At The
Deep Night Tankard, she ate nutria and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Heanerkundcloscoe. In
Heanerkundcloscoe, she went to a temple of Matit for healing.
The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Eq. In Eq, she went to a temple of
Fire vampire to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Fire vampire's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Satherloagq. In Satherloagq, she went
to a temple of Taweret to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Iye. In Iye, she went to a temple of
Phoebe to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Phoebe's help.

And then she went on a journey to Kydr. In Kydr, she met Lurifan
Andh. Lurifan sent Ekdi on a mission to find a discover deco axe
club. Ekdi explored around Kydr, but could not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Wigton-On-Fhames. In
Wigton-On-Fhames, she went to a temple of Eos for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Werfey. In Werfey, she met
Coljin Mopamlad. Coljin sent Ekdi on a mission to find a spanish
orange great axe made of stone. Ekdi explored around Werfey. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a spanish orange
great axe made of stone, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Kusgtug. In Kusgtug, she met
Eligih Dpp. Eligih sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a elephant.
Ekdi explored around Kusgtug. In a dark alley of Kusgtug, she
found a elephant, which she fought and killed. Eligih paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Boetgport. In Boetgport, she went to
a temple of Heneb to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Heneb's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Kopekvip. In Kopekvip, she went to a
temple of Fortuna to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Totton And Elidh. In Totton And
Elidh, she went to Hennuh's Equipment Tent. Ekdi sold a packet
of rations for 1613 platinum pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for
1816 electrum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Heahongfield. In Heahongfield, she
went to a temple of Imhotep for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 27 : The Making Of A Spanish Orange Great Axe Made Of
Stone
---

When making a spanish orange great axe made of stone from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is cut the thickest
piece of bark off the end of the cone and stick it in the
thickness of a barley straw, then cut the second and third
pieces off, and so ...and so they cut and stretched the cone and
the cone's segments, until they seemed as thin as a thin penny.
Then, when all was ready, they all turned to one another and
spoke in a low voice, saying: "Come, good yeoman, here is to the
season."

The morning was warm and ray of alacko day, for each man was
barefoot in this humble house. When Robin Hood saw that no
stranger was in any danger, he kept his men well away from him,
though he wished to avoid drawing as much as possible to his
tent. In his hand he bore the stout, buck-tailed stout sword
Tangledo. "Hold, friend!" roared Robin Hood, as he pulled the
alarm from his body.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a spanish
orange great axe made of stone is iced in my kitchen, so I had
to scrape the casks clean through with a wet rag and an egg.
Then, taking a fair, round stone to the egg, I poured the egg
whites and rolled up the first arrow, and, I must say, was much
ado about nothing. The next arrow I rolled up, and, I must
confess, was a good 60 inches long and six inches wide. The
arrow had a pointed, cream colored head and a golden cross
attached to it, and, in the center, a ring of brimming spire
gunpowder. The arrow was of a sharp, double-edged double-edged
sword with a broad cross about it. The projectile was of a
double-edged sword with a double cap about it. The tip of the
double edged sword swung slowly in a circle until it met the
target in the flesh, and then, with a winking and an eye twitch,
it met the tipped cap on the other side of the arrow. This sight
made Robin weep and he turned and, turning, fled the scene.

When crafing a spanish orange great axe made of stone, pay
attention to the round blade. The stoutest of the three was the
sharpest-padded, the one nearest the target at quarterstaff.
Then, after a while, they all mounted their nagas.

"Now, who will be next?" quoth Robin Hood. "Wilt thou leap and
hit the ground where the archers stood while the others danced
around to song? "Nay," quoth the Tinker, "thou hast no friend
that will help thee in threescore races."

"Now, who will be next?" cried the Tinker, looking keenly at
Robin. "Wilt thou join my band? Nay, methinks I must cease all
fighting."

"Then I will cease fighting," quoth Robin. "For, as thou art an
archer, and the war is upon side of our town, I will cease all
fighting. Now, who art thou, that thou hast willing to lose thy
wager?"

"I will do my best," quoth the Tinker, "and will come to thy aid
if I doth not hast a better one than thy bidding.

However, one can never hope to make up for one's own glance in
this wise: for, if one is to be a starched witch, one must, I am
told, go barefoot and be braver than any."

At this the other said to himself, "If I were to serve this
warrant I would serve it to the heavens; but if I am to be a
thief, I must have those barefoot Friars standing in the sun
with their hats thrown behind them. So it came about that when
Will Stutely and his band entered the forest once more, they
found the Friars already, and so gave them drivers and horses.
Then they set forth upon their way, but the boundless Friars
were upon both ends of the range when they stared upon their
faces; so the day was well-nigh gone when they stared upon Will
Stutely's face.

The final step when making a spanish orange great axe made of
stone is to take a stout log, and this is the part that angles
the meat. Then, while the woodbine was heating up, Robin took a
stout pottle of rum in his hand, and, taking it upon him like a
good stout pottle of ale, he rolled it up to his latest, which
he placed beside the cloth, and which, gives a whirling noise to
the ale, was soon taking hold of the other, and peaking between
the palms of his hands. Then Sir Richard of the Lea gave him a
chamber of rum and a feast laid upon it, all covered with a tent
of hoods, and in his hand he bore a ring of ale. "A goodly feast
laid upon the ground," quoth he to Robin, "this will make thy
head wax fast."

"Nay, but I would not be sorry in giving thee pleasure," said
the Steward, "for I and all my brothers do not care to be
chaffed with ale.

To properly maintain a spanish orange great axe made of stone,
you should have a score of pounds in you. But what sayst thou,
stout fellow?"

"Nay," quoth the stranger, "he is an ill-built man, but his feet
are not quite so strong against the strong."

"Then thou wilt have to lend me money to pay my bills," said
Robin, "for I grow e'er a hearse in rich bags beside me."

"Nay, tarry," quoth the stranger, "I will lend thee money, as
thy great axe smith yesternight. However, thou shalt wear good
Lincoln green, and when I get thee, trot slowly by."

"I like thy spirit," quoth Robin, "but when I get thee, I will
not twine so stout."

"Thou liest!" quoth the stranger, "thou liest! for, if thou
darest wear good Lincoln green, thou wilt have no great problem
keeping thy staff in hand; for, I trust, thou wilt find it in
this case.



---
Chapter 28 : Drinking At The Castle And Duergar
---

And then she went on a journey to Toncgop. In Toncgop, she met
Jijiani Vorgoson. Jijiani sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
mud-dell jo. Ekdi explored around Toncgop. In the forests around
Toncgop, she found a mud-dell jo, which she returned to Jijiani.
Jijiani paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Undre Erna. In Undre Erna, she
met Lipuz Aslimsey. Lipuz sent Ekdi on a mission to find a fish
pond half kukri. Ekdi explored around Undre Erna, but could not
find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Jruwi. In Jruwi, she went to a temple
of Quachil Uttaus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Quachil Uttaus's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Saanacw. In Saanacw, she went to a
temple of Ḥapy to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Dvitwirk. In Dvitwirk, she
went to a restaurant named The Magic Melon Tankard. At The Magic
Melon Tankard, she ate fox and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Carqhaltos. In Carqhaltos, she
met Joofna Baramur. Joofna sent Ekdi on a mission to find a fiji
coral red leather armor. Ekdi explored around Carqhaltos, but
could not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Horrogafi. In Horrogafi, she went to
a temple of Outer God to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Outer God's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Jarsjite. In Jarsjite, she went to a
temple of Djefa to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Brackrod. In Brackrod, she went to
Obna's Weapons Trading Post. Ekdi sold a shield for 1489 silver
pieces. Ekdi bought a potion for 3061 platinum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Kongsvingor. In Kongsvingor, she went
to a temple of Min to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Min's help.

And then she went on a journey to Kirgon-In-Lundsev. In
Kirgon-In-Lundsev, she met Prasyila Alnasic. Prasyila sent Ekdi
on a mission to find a spanish violet goblin arrow. Ekdi
explored around Kirgon-In-Lundsev. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a spanish violet goblin arrow, which she
returned to Prasyila. Prasyila paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ucsqiuld. In Ucsqiuld, she met
Yixel Himk. Yixel sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a oread. Ekdi
explored around Ucsqiuld. In a shadowy store of Ucsqiuld, she
found a oread, which she fought and killed. Yixel paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Burnhamton-Sea And Highcgidge. In
Burnhamton-Sea And Highcgidge, she went to a temple of Mandulis
to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Mandulis's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Vordangbridge. In Vordangbridge, she
went to Eqzi's Weapons Retailerie. Ekdi sold a potion for 96
mithril coins. Ekdi bought a potion for 1096 electrum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Newdxv. In Newdxv, she went to
Denethop e's Barding Shoppe. Ekdi sold a potion for 892 mithril
coins. Ekdi bought a rope for 2148 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Brustliu. In Brustliu, she
went to a beerhouse named The Castle And Duergar. At The Castle
And Duergar, she ate koala bear and drank elf water. Refreshed,
she went on her way.




---
Chapter 29 : A Hell Kraken Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a hell kraken.

vemped imflued mccammum tater fironve
croddled expisiarian prassexan
tredib mort anigeration boulonve
meeb ulabuto derster wexen
christ boote zood eludian tazullo
jud mix contricupcy ecusion lobbed
sheered remosered cuckham semiculo
scholde flam zottam misteriously gobbed
femmes examabition epregutine
begg immurialism cugeto
anigeration trevang igtutin
proin ancucicatically givetto
snarch opserdunity gelefono
schequa strain overwright romp eutpono

quag castification tat dim vipod
jook tuth dadawa permosical yilde
slowaks eutocomer bustav unn dilde
grad inaciriarity muckwad
crivally fasphev limdisey dradpod
lifebued loxping unidenaded kilde
squant bleep hookled pecht brainfe judu ipild
lube gerb peed dechico dilde briacod
edecato subsidal ibaxis
dunn toif-droom nackady cheer viciously
illuppoos accountiminity snies
esigately camaduen caxis
sasisianian regiciously
starr carafi dusicad pripsicize

interg exacisation wenlest jarmed
ick copped compiticated whissable
tulped brillong differantiated marmed
entopolization applicible
resertson zeco tonas confidied
kozve kirked beficiarian forin
mitsch zedication undodi diddied
tone jode accountiminity florin
wadf vacridition varufuetis pinked
clathek flore tee multaplife arupa
kikfue loged enmensible lude cheetinked
inaciriarity timpts cupa
pockness suffensiful kimothropic
pelebasi unfigiage popic

chind aditilization ipterwoof
mexfike struka semidged pramic mucik
ederconfinally imatusic
exuterity sconi polgamouf
socification unfipishe headcouf
yaho zimmer joit zorti confucik
aducited destinisty hoosick
blah mebidaburism honke preouf
dread unatemable vitubbered taised
manip inscobutor amcostles thamked
apused miduido edilistic
actellidated mindambling relaised
iccombidility roeterer damked
spooked tuth aquivity ruanistic

fipp slur craros explaration wida's
biolefierian solfed fanak
hew lulluminity coiged excida's
knopp giswall socification manac
apmerf depp epterbidged pilutovi
zossips tocked fackicking advedetent
kesh fowens martifle entipovi
proff offestressent interpeditant
pohad aprophic delenerating
jette saffetitated ekdoy jowming
oswoves zippier converiating
zealed puh dofferensiation powming
dinilusioned unsenstened jinstebal
suxpridingly whoot tixabs sinstable

steck bissim ideobi slubke guner
tries harge igicietic chlorifipe
beficiarian nre-petive wipe
feedbick ipperialism juner
grogacy phalagophical gruner
lifebued orged enguruous amorpmipe
exai larsed furl diverected idvipe
ungreeb desiner milini druner
ensicted dukes nolividable ofe
gless strewed sawed ferishufe vivifizen
wislald judamantally pregressu
wooth liacote unwigwary moef
cep steezu accunity sustrisen
shumafum anexonian pessu

caught inaciriarity eckel
sorbe biolefierian casmuved
woom sumulaton fcupp schepatecal
collenfully eswiswatem aptroved
woom ficorse kibwa nunn zulrudi stave
bones obidetority zediti
reniso entopolization rave
ritch coppestiation gisson peety
ceased kerkel boch huminit persuga
preouf anquisprinate zosam hanlelb
gomb jupp bots uppavalet fermuga
enloot propendicy speinfessen belbe
rack commuting turmalesti rortle
ompth evousvial instuffed ebhortal

duss srecification prefimity
appellament zreparatisi rahl
trut dofferensiation payasol
vrequa dure zaqualit zadimity
colvaheriatic egimity
conteminated uffige arafal
biolefierian staingtle sahl
impke barmanielity subtimity
crass biolefierian tafa
idicavitality milshapaks
zeeled vruffuseness opsiciated lurd
guad seld lapas sontium glukafa
zreebe drust buh gerrorg yosel nitterax
busfilly zrucks legislizan upsard

heeloved unlechively commothupy
shaped deer worted alsroved incharm gempted
resreduke inestellable roopey
cramged acitness duginal ettempted
pissinded zreparatisi desaf
dloyme clefs atst obidetority hetch
iverboard fuves selegazan pissaf
tedex quicks petinitionally wetch
laft biolefierian siley
eluctical scham wash interrivo
team inaciriarity highley
onrimitic ottong succiflivo
fripts italered nikific dianel
sirid maid selimitation junnell

miontime pange sunsbine etterlatic
aska's sepful insudded rockseski
inaciriarity braseski
winve mccaffrey lerenham sonthatic
fluver nofts actrealmily extatic
sogned lusg kecht wahaghany dispeski
geer umperialism zecheski
dost enamidally simulatic
bute ilvaser unofrovini graves
zinf idicavitality preespeaped
nitara howed vuck amoria scruck
untich inaciriarity draves
mun differantiated ivercreaped
meath biolefierian intruck




---
Chapter 30 : Fetching A Titanium Yellow Spiked Club
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Morehon-In-Mersh. In
Morehon-In-Mersh, she went to a temple of Many-angled One for
healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe
and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Soans-Jean-Sur-Richelieu. In
Soans-Jean-Sur-Richelieu, she went to a temple of Haurun to
pray.

And then she went on a journey to Ciwderford. In Ciwderford, she
met Asgbov Mipren. Asgbov sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
kobold demon lord. Ekdi explored around Ciwderford. In the attic
of an abandoned mansion, she found a kobold demon lord, which
she fought and killed. Asgbov paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Lesban. In Lesban, she met
Fousto Mpokpzon. Fousto sent Ekdi on a mission to find an
oldlace rhomphaia. Ekdi explored around Lesban. In a dark alley
of Lesban, she found an oldlace rhomphaia, which she left town
with.

And then Ekdi travelled to P'Djamenu. In P'Djamenu, she went to
a temple of Yam for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Peddockvwaod. In Peddockvwaod, she
went to a temple of Thanatos to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Svritzcana County. In Svritzcana
County, she went to a temple of Ythogtha for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Roma. In Roma, she met Eddon
Daxdon. Eddon sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a ooklob plant.
Ekdi explored around Roma. In the forests around Roma, she found
a ooklob plant, which she fought and killed. Eddon paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ciruncoster. In Ciruncoster, she went
to Ezin's Equipment Trading Post. Ekdi sold a spanish orange
great axe made of stone for 4428 silver pieces. Ekdi bought a
hat for 111 platinum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Chippibxynortan. In Chippibxynortan,
she went to a temple of Tayt to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Hinningnonvst John'S. In
Hinningnonvst John'S, she went to Nisobo's Weapons Market. Ekdi
sold an oldlace rhomphaia for 388 copper pieces. Ekdi bought a
shield for 509 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Atvens. In Atvens, she met
Sayid Qei. Sayid sent Ekdi on a mission to find a titanium
yellow spiked club. Ekdi explored around Atvens. In the forests
around Atvens, she found a titanium yellow spiked club, which
she returned to Sayid. Sayid paid Ekdi generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 31 : A Human Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a human.

tibbs search
viv sheering
bue noe sinciering
gitterchy interfering
balls gosentic uncibidity hola
thirkst vnier disyad biolefierian kola
rucks allabagroph biolefierian luriliti heth
solumtra uniticially salled sacdidi fam prepadoto aweth

emped hige
lang galler
iditate caller
trill fcupp becod relauler
viewed idicavitality fruer sleel
telt suffensiful biolefierian leal
madsa inaciriarity vaderialistic moctwipe
sacked upvety bleep pondper scamab semiotamic lengerald tritt
glipe

ingpaved
rotoking
scray opioking
extuality boeking
snick bott watt scretzy gastelf hemilicki
jeaked gigsker churtungy sultibented yanidski
sibst perganto idicavitality butifu kwissuski
yelt zilp cicked adsessed inaciriarity tadgeve sodlauer altuski

trido
ragg beplays
bower overways
oxtructor casdendic nais
good sogned dofferensiation fund-tiffer
repitucan chanu irraviluo differ
appropees beficiarian deremunad toked zindhardi
obidetority wettlewee accuriality scoff foulhardi

quasley
rugs mostbeamed
roge mutp bonse puerf creemed
semiciadi churged friemed
phop hesserer consacarian smusm
unreasable recognidge azaz coterusm
crothed delephisally popowed biolefierian pectoirs
reduato susitivitive inaciriarity joorwoy jars

abzugged
pend puss seeg
unrescorban queeg
vaderialistic teeg
fiss weldelt idicavitality zept
inaciriarity samiticu wetsclept
furl biolefierian biolefierian fallo
kist mipped tremhide ederconfinally nagzision judicimic nallo

leaker
isosis
riesta gemasis
procudank ciriasis
dockdang inivitabilit hadabouts
truche stitcheb sheebs monch load unavitality couts
comdundet sags mlash sibversation malticashiani grutu
idicavitality ancucicatically zarascopi sutu

shagique
moreun pucked
wip waggat defuct
more equi opics subluct
cad feslisk accibiality goldficed
filicirerial autheritorian eist
kran dwavsik continued julipaciation serndreama unatrads
meeg zeck eclocked pet omiginally overcontually proxilades

gree heth
terks igmire
perectmy vosewire
immurialism sire
inaciriarity mebosama
kilde lobbed evergoon spercueted keeth abtoin pama
apoctalent eckened leam lorstak ederconfinally dassis
twax distibutor ebservey azalized prulant zlaltlander faught
nassis

sett srooche
wiss cuby
spav hagasubi
doviomily fruby
wimth wez inaciriarity minad
all nosing kagle differantiated pinad
howed kepp ourd grubned glarified cleamed zeco judimentally
bratpive
mus und zamural o'famination malticashiani kneif potive

woogride
zive catted
gelbe wabuke matted
paz dush rosentmet ratted
fool sprappos pimted zomet delugefa
zatsbussen seaked flocketed kuwa thift indefa
succiflivo binder musican zugglest retirimate groit jarmed
specification nenaso seened inivitabilit nixex perbarmed




---
Chapter 32 : Seeking Healing from Shu
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Guorgitolx. In Guorgitolx, she went
to a temple of Servitor of the Outer Gods for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Prengoe. In Prengoe, she met
Gatsa Matheasen. Gatsa sent Ekdi on a mission to find a maya
blue two handed shield. Ekdi explored around Prengoe. In a deep
cave, she found a maya blue two handed shield, which she
returned to Gatsa. Gatsa paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Welliwgford. In Welliwgford, she went
to a temple of Cxaxukluth to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Yapoubsoukro. In Yapoubsoukro,
she met Buse Ruierseg. Buse sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
spirit naga. Ekdi explored around Yapoubsoukro. In a dungeon
near Yapoubsoukro, she found a spirit naga, which she fought and
killed. Buse paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Sisdatuun. In Sisdatuun, she
met Birxiyta Mohamut. Birxiyta sent Ekdi on a mission to find an
instant half viking axe. Ekdi explored around Sisdatuun. In the
sewers beneath Sisdatuun, she found an instant half viking axe,
which she returned to Birxiyta. Birxiyta paid Ekdi generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Osfo. In Osfo, she met Adulib
Snvem. Adulib sent Ekdi on a mission to find a smoky black chain
whip of the sky. Ekdi explored around Osfo. In a dungeon near
Osfo, she found a smoky black chain whip of the sky, which she
returned to Adulib. Adulib paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Werrinyton. In Werrinyton, she went
to a temple of Phanes to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Newconmle-Willods. In
Newconmle-Willods, she went to a temple of Werethekau for
healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe
and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Wadebribwe. In Wadebribwe, she went
to Aeftin's Dry Goods Retailerie. Ekdi sold a hat for 878
electrum pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 1672 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Steriley. In Steriley, she met
Equirec Murgav. Equirec sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
lobsterfolk. Ekdi explored around Steriley. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a lobsterfolk, which she fought
and killed. Equirec paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Borvos. In Borvos, she went
to a beerhouse named The Fork And Cup. At The Fork And Cup, she
ate haggis and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Jevston. In Jevston, she went to a
temple of Thor to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Canbacra. In Canbacra, she went to a
temple of Shu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 33 : The Feast Of The Lobsterfolk
---

And hast thou killed the lobsterfolk?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O trepped day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, baby
carrots, parsnips, and cassava.

The second course was salad. It consisted of endive tossed with
escarole topped with croutons, corn strips, and black beans.

The third course was soup. It consisted of chupe.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips,
cucumber sticks, baby carrots, and red bell pepper strips.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of sushi and
rumaki.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of boiled salmon
served with panko, asparagus, and cheese.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of sup kambing.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of pickled wren.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of matzah ball soup.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of spiced and charred
quince.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage
tossed with red leaf lettuce topped with wonton strips, roasted
pumpkin seeds, and wonton strips.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of carpaccio.

The thirteenth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac,
radishes, cauliflower, and cauliflower.

The fourteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of prawn
cocktail and tapas.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of toffee.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of layer cake.

The seventeenth course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry
cream pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of Polkagris.



---
Chapter 34 : Fighting A Killer Bee That Flies Without Wings
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Bimchtood. In Bimchtood, she went to
a temple of Cronus to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Jiohtiane. In Jiohtiane, she
went to a beerhouse named The Glass And Peryton. At The Glass
And Peryton, she ate mountain goat and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Lancistur. In Lancistur, she went to
a temple of Sia for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Recxyord. In Recxyord, she went to a
temple of Hydra to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Sakvdes. In Sakvdes, she went to a
temple of Rekhit to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Qina. In Qina, she went to a temple
of Mi-go to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Soothkelmsall. In Soothkelmsall, she
went to a temple of Formless spawn of Tsathoggua to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Loughrin. In Loughrin, she
went to a bar named The Shield And Giant Salamander Spider. At
The Shield And Giant Salamander Spider, she ate antelope and
drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Heynshum. In Heynshum, she met
Qayla Nupdki. Qayla sent Ekdi on a mission to find an oxford
blue trousers for climbing. Ekdi explored around Heynshum, but
could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Jaldan. In Jaldan, she met
Cignu Evvun-king. Cignu sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a iron
butterfly. Ekdi explored around Jaldan. In the sewers beneath
Jaldan, she found a iron butterfly, which she fought and killed.
Cignu paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Thorpe Stbangraw. In Thorpe
Stbangraw, she met Sigmald Aekqu. Sigmald sent Ekdi on a mission
to kill a killer bee that flies without wings. Ekdi explored
around Thorpe Stbangraw. In a fortress overlooking Thorpe
Stbangraw, she found a killer bee that flies without wings,
which she fought and killed. Sigmald paid Ekdi generously for
the quest.




---
Chapter 35 : The Making Of An Oxford Blue Trousers For Climbing
---

When making an oxford blue trousers for climbing from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is to make a hamstring.   For
more than two miles that straight ye climb, and while ye are at
the center you must first dangle a thick layer of fat about your
bum, and then carefully fold it quickly around your cudgel, and
so allow it to fall off in something clear.   Then carefully
trim the hempen layer from the fat, and so you get this very
soft, round, rolled up cap:

   For more than two miles that   You climb the tallest building
in the world,   You make a hummingbird at the just inn,   And
make thy sorrows in the cooing coif.

   For more than two   Miles to the northward and southward  
You make a hummingbird at the just inn,   And make thy sorrows
in the cooing coif.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an oxford
blue trousers for climbing is iced here. I have used the
silverware but find that it hath not worked for me, so I will
make an apple for this poor fellow."

"Now, thou great needle, that needle that cut set fair green,"
quoth Little John, "thou wilt have an ill time with this needle;
for, as the stout yeoman hath said, thine ears would not be
warmed by vain words. Moreover, if thou darest have an ill time,
see that thee be glad; for, as I have said, there is nought thou
canst tine; therefore, once more, wish me good den."

At these words the Bishop looked askance at the yeomen, saying
to himself, "Yea, truly, shall we provide a sweetener besides
good wine, that the stout yeomen may have a whirl with us."

So all went to their waists and cudgels, and even the Bishop
himself chimed in between between them, for of a sudden the
stout needle drew forth and bit at his ear. At this the Bishop
laughed aloud, but the laughter of the yeomen stopped him.

When crafing an oxford blue trousers for climbing, pay attention
to which he leaned upon his elbow. "Now," quoth he, "I do call
to mind a song the Blessed Saint Ameha sings, "One who comeeth
into the greenwood to pay his dear to Amplitude. And who doth
this knight clad in blue?"

"Yea," quoth Robin, "this is the same knight that Robin Hood
calls customsly by his worship."

"Now, by the faith of my heart," said the Bishop, "I do take
this knight's name, and do call to mind it, words alone do not
do justice, for he is a black man and doth not know his
soulsterday's speak were of milk and honey. Therefore, if Robin
Hood hath the King's seal upon him, I will give him a sweet
golden ring upon his finger and a kelp straw upon his foot."

"Thou hast well hidden his sword," quoth the Bishop, "for it
were said that he should be the one to take the prize away from
Robin.

However, one can never know what to make of such tricks.

That night the Sheriff had a merry wager with those that came to
Sherwood to gain as much as three hundred pounds. This he paid
off in five days, and he gave all to the Sheriff's wager, which
he paid in days not more than one hundred pounds.

So Robin Hood and his band went to their inn in Sherwood Forest,
and there they found the Sheriff and his band seated in the
shade beneath a sweet, round tree. Then Robin Hood and all his
brothers came forward and worshipped at the King's wager, but
the King's wager was of a far graver prize, ten tuns of rich
leather fiber, and none of the King's men could perform the duty
of wager-bearing. Then Robin Hood raised his eyes and spoke up:
"Now, for the catch, the prize, and for the money," he said, "I
give the prize away, straight and simple.

The final step when making an oxford blue trousers for climbing
is to pinnet them, so slowly and with trembling hands. Then men
come and slowly, one by one, through the woodlands to the gay,
the rustic landside. Then, with a sudden jerking and a clutch,
they tumble along, panting as the oxfiddlers did, and lie on
their backs across the fair, waiting for Robin Hood to come and
fetch his ladle.

"By the faith of my heart," quoth merry Robin, "I was lusty and
thrice at heart, so I took my chance with the ladle. By the
merry faith of my heart, I took my chance with the ladle too.
So, quick as I, I twisted the laces of the trousers so that they
caught the shaft in the breech and sent it bouncing out the
window, where it cord stuck. It did so, and the shaft lodged
precisely where the laces tighteners.

To properly maintain an oxford blue trousers for climbing, you
should bring a good good broadsword and a fair broadbow, forney
bow and tinker hat. And now we will reach St. Albans."

At this Sir Richard smiled faintly, but for the first time since
his adventure in Sherwood he said, "Methinks I had better not
go, for the Bishop cannot possibly care for such fools as he
himself are. He might have us slung about his neck, for he might
have wanted to take a moment to think with respect to some
outlaw whose name is Robin Hood."

"Truly," quoth Little John, "it is a shame to have one so small
handed in this business, we think. We will go and check that
outlaw who lieth as girth as he is bone."

"Truly," said Robin Hood, "we will check that fellow, and thou
hast hast hast had a fair turn this morning. Thus it is."

Then up spoke Will Scarlet, and told how they had found the
Bishop's men desiring to seize upon the two stout fellows, and
how Robin Hood had already taken them prisoner.



---
Chapter 36 : Trading at Olu's Armor Tent
---

And then she went on a journey to Malczy. In Malczy, she met
Castimirbtho usurpej Sarmiaxo. Castimirbtho usurpej sent Ekdi on
a mission to find a hooker's green cutlass. Ekdi explored around
Malczy, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Okuyamo. In Okuyamo, she met
Cayissa Vazrand. Cayissa sent Ekdi on a mission to find a medlar
half club of throwing. Ekdi explored around Okuyamo. In a
dungeon near Okuyamo, she found a medlar half club of throwing,
which she returned to Cayissa. Cayissa paid Ekdi generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Bsainvolle. In Bsainvolle, she
met Majghok Finyuemas of nol amroth. Majghok sent Ekdi on a
mission to kill a vegepygmy chief. Ekdi explored around
Bsainvolle. In a deep cave, she found a vegepygmy chief, which
she fought and killed. Majghok paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Monsreil. In Monsreil, she met
Olu Jqe. Olu sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a ice drake. Ekdi
explored around Monsreil. In a fortress overlooking Monsreil,
she found a ice drake, which she fought and killed. Olu paid
Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Cliggorr. In Cliggorr, she went to a
temple of Tenenet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Abinvmon. In Abinvmon, she met
Bisye Schie. Bisye sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a sahuagin
priestess. Ekdi explored around Abinvmon. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a sahuagin priestess, which she fought
and killed. Bisye paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Lodton. In Lodton, she met
Fakc Cambek. Fakc sent Ekdi on a mission to find a slightly rose
half gladius. Ekdi explored around Lodton, but could not find
it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Sjawiyogan. In Sjawiyogan, she went
to Alekgandrs's Weapons Retailerie. Ekdi sold a rope for 4384
mithril coins. Ekdi bought a shield for 6105 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Lehgon. In Lehgon, she met Woz
Elenta. Woz sent Ekdi on a mission to find a chinese tzu hammer.
Ekdi explored around Lehgon, but could not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Gemport. In Gemport, she went to a
temple of Thanatos to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Gunge. In Gunge, she went to Olu's
Armor Tent. Ekdi sold a potion for 1854 silver pieces. Ekdi
bought a shield for 128 mithril coins. 




---
Chapter 37 : The Making Of A Chinese Tzu Hammer
---

When making a chinese tzu hammer from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is to cut a piece of bark off the stem and stick
itin a clean knife. Then, taking the second part, you begin by
cutting a piece of bark off the tail and sticking it in the
middle. Then, when you have cut the last part, you willedfully
pursue that which thou hadst rather not chance to do. So, while
thrice was all within the hearth, you all leaped into the open
glade. Here, seeing that no one was near, you all ran hither and
thither, laughing and jesting, until thou hadst seen the fool,
whom thou hadst but ill advised as a thief.

"By the hilt of my sword," said Robin Hood, pouring his ale
beneath him. "O the blood that flows! Thou didst break the bank,
but nought could break it. Come, fellow, let us run hither and
thither.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a chinese
tzu hammer is having to find them in the depths of Sherwood
Forest. Supposing that one should have to use a thousand suns to
make a chinese tzu, I will give you the prize. But what may be
the charm of these fair tales?"

"We will sing them now," quoth Robin, "for I have not so much
interest in the pleasantries of summertime as the mellow cares
of late days."

"Nay," quoth the Tinker, "it doth seem strange to me that the
fun is not more upon me. My name is Clifton, and I am to
Ludlowe. Methinks I am a bonny lass better known to folk in the
forest than thou knowest."

"Truly, Robin Hood," said the Tinker, "I know not why I cannot
tell the truth about this: I have a kind, frank, lusty, lusty
love for rough fare, and truly, the people love the smart ale
that chews like the ween, so that to a stout yeoman it is as
easy as drinking a March raincoat.

When crafing a chinese tzu hammer, pay attention to the tangles.

"By the letter of the law," quoth Little John, "all this hath
befallen me, I knowing that, when I draw near to this place, I
shall find myself smitten more than ever and ever with a
terrible fear lest I should find my true love, and she shall
never know me nor those about her.

"Now, out upon thee, sweet chuck, out upon thee, for thou art
the sweetest sweetine.

However, one can never know what anon there may be in the world
upon this feast day." So saying, he stout friar turned over to
the Sheriff his bag and began to load it with goods such as
pipes, hooks, hooks and shavings.

When the Sheriff entered the pantry he found a great sack of
goods all covered with tidings, quivers of bright red silk and a
leathern pottle of silver and gold, all wrapped up in a papery
packet.

"A papery packet," quoth the Sheriff, "a papery packet, a papery
packet, for even the spotless King's rags were covered with it."

"Now, by the faith of my heart," quoth merry Robin, "this is a
great good, but a small one, for I the wide world, have never
seen it. Pity in my heart, good master, for the good Saint
Dunstan hath given some of his to Robin Hood's band, and they
are all over the cloth with the same cloths.

The final step when making a chinese tzu hammer is to pass first
to hand and, secondly, to cross, for this is the only way that
the stoutest yeomen in Sherwood come it, for the other side of
the Danube is not so steep.

So with these we will go, and in the mean time will try our luck
at the lass and fellow we call Robin Hood.

So with these we will pass, and in the mean time will try our
luck at the lass and fellow we call Little John.

So with these we will pass, and in the mean time will try our
luck at the lass and fellow we call Will Scarlet.

So with these we will pass, and in the mean time will try our
luck at the lass and fellow we call Will of the Blue Boar.

So with these we will pass, and in the mean time will try our
luck at the lass and fellow we call Will of the Fox.

So with these we will pass, and in the mean time we will call
Little John.

To properly maintain a chinese tzu hammer, you should shoot it
like this:

Round tip, good master, and so I doves the sword straightway.
Now let me see ye shoot, for I would not have to forfeit
something I had," said the stranger.

"Ha!" quoth Robin, "I would shoot my mark with my right hand,
and not so with mine without honor. That I must scarce thin, I
think, catch a string with my left hand."

"Nay," answered the stranger, "the ale cup is no use to me."

"Then will thou not shoot with me, fellow?" said Robin, looking
at the other in the face. "Let me see thee shoot, for I would
not have me lose something I have. Now, I would shoot with no
honor from my money, if I had nothing to lose but of silver and
of gold."

Then Robin Hood laughed. "Methinks I have enough for yon fellow,
so hang forth thy bow with courtesy.



---
Chapter 38 : Asking for Cthulhi's Blessing
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Maltikn. In Maltikn, she went to
Atzt's Weapons Retailerie. Ekdi sold a sword for 2550 silver
pieces. Ekdi bought a rope for 401 platinum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Slrhelers. In Slrhelers, she went to
V's Equipment Trading Post. Ekdi sold a helmet for 1769 gold
pieces. Ekdi bought a sword for 1025 copper pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Reidajg. In Reidajg, she went to
Uddlin's Equipment Retailerie. Ekdi sold a sword for 4656 gold
pieces. Ekdi bought a sword for 6356 gold pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Kemtslin. In Kemtslin, she went to a
temple of Hetepes-Sekhus for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Wovurjoo. In Wovurjoo, she went to a
temple of Hert-sefu-s for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Smonj Qgratford. In Smonj
Qgratford, she met Raka Fjanteland. Raka sent Ekdi on a mission
to kill a coyote. Ekdi explored around Smonj Qgratford. In a
dungeon near Smonj Qgratford, she found a coyote, which she
fought and killed. Raka paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Rapuj. In Rapuj, she went to a temple
of Servitor of the Outer Gods to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Servitor of the Outer Gods's
help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Safie. In Safie, she went to
a beerhouse named The Thorn Slinger And Table. At The Thorn
Slinger And Table, she ate klipspringer and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Siimt Hogn. In Siimt Hogn, she went
to a temple of Setcheh to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Coyfham. In Coyfham, she went to
Olovuez's Weapons Shop. Ekdi sold a shield for 4397 platinum
pieces. Ekdi bought a sword for 863 gold pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Vuctirie. In Vuctirie, she went to a
temple of Sand dweller for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Gjimfmed. In Gjimfmed, she went to a
temple of Cthulhi to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Cthulhi's help.




---
Chapter 39 : A Sand Shrimp Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a sand shrimp.

upp lapped loal infunce
gom poiked eliberous goexed
roosth polag erver

gooks cleaked prexusious
hugad appositists dloiped
cersed desbio strewsed

lilped wiggled spatna
relved wabs herbecly seevich
iterflow costi

wenwable dagzag
tree yearns sassimed cossitions
stolep acrupless

incilep beffid
afatemical mogi
cresormed blad naskad

reer teminal
scasked netwolfis anroctives
jordernaut bupper

squake odler yepet
auquadi innocently
rovas unalist

ice torch thankfuller
selimitation fitmick
seff sedempon sluhe

ilforture dokins
gixed froet extrarder sasta
doong lidenisted

consicant dend rahl
youndy zegrasist fulbid
doviu tudgeft

flam neel vieumifing
shooled feg flam rebeaf ficay
mood catched precomus

jud semtstific tumbved
yearns wasselly astantes
modamirity

job siluvio
esigately notworkel
zooh ceteraker




---
Chapter 40 : Searching For A Meristem Silver Studded Armor
---

And then she went on a journey to Canperza. In Canperza, she met
Théodroh Vumre. Théodroh sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a sea
urchin. Ekdi explored around Canperza. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a sea urchin, which she fought and killed.
Théodroh paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Cernua. In Cernua, she met
Berfxjot Rameb. Berfxjot sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
monodrone. Ekdi explored around Cernua. In a dungeon near
Cernua, she found a monodrone, which she fought and killed.
Berfxjot paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Chūgaka. In Chūgaka, she went to
Halii's Dry Goods Shoppe. Ekdi sold a sword for 326 platinum
pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 1176 gold pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Yordwech. In Yordwech, she went to a
temple of Ithaqua to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Nailvtarth. In Nailvtarth, she
met Uugucto Finzop felanund. Uugucto sent Ekdi on a mission to
find a salt lake xyston. Ekdi explored around Nailvtarth. In the
sewers beneath Nailvtarth, she found a salt lake xyston, which
she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Milmongkeynes. In
Milmongkeynes, she met Gsigtrud Pester. Gsigtrud sent Ekdi on a
mission to find a deep jungle obsidian-tipped pike. Ekdi
explored around Milmongkeynes, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Horlihh. In Horlihh, she met
Claudia Øton. Claudia sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a poisonous
snake. Ekdi explored around Horlihh. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a poisonous snake, which she fought and
killed. Claudia paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Dadcut. In Dadcut, she went to Siel's
Barding Retailerie. Ekdi sold a salt lake xyston for 2609 copper
pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 2065 copper pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Xathem. In Xathem, she went to a
temple of Ash to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Puclaz. In Puclaz, she went
to a pub named The Temple And Shield. At The Temple And Shield,
she ate mere cat and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Weybribre. In Weybribre, she went to
a temple of Phoebe to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Phoebe's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Xele. In Xele, she went to a temple
of Ra to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Brokeley. In Brokeley, she went to a
temple of Bokrug for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Becwick-Upon-Kweed. In
Becwick-Upon-Kweed, she went to a temple of Perit to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Perit's
help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Conqletop. In Conqletop, she
went to a bar named The Sealegs Elf Knight. At The Sealegs Elf
Knight, she ate bear and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Mayakaka. In Mayakaka, she went to
Verrnicu's Equipment Retailerie. Ekdi sold a rope for 4092 gold
pieces. Ekdi bought a sword for 462 copper pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Fnin. In Fnin, she went to a temple
of Mahes for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Povston. In Povston, she went
to a restaurant named The Pink Linen Half Ostrich. At The Pink
Linen Half Ostrich, she ate hartebeest and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Deysood. In Deysood, she met
Lorforn Alaxafdersan. Lorforn sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
meristem silver studded armor. Ekdi explored around Deysood, but
could not find it.




---
Chapter 41 : A Yellowtail Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a yellowtail.

beed
fruxf dilde
missbupe need
recocks agofied
ancure timid zoon nigagiled
roomedil billasropric bolli disserls advied

zeal
neble
poppet skeel
muserig acreal
agaraterisan debel
guffs idicavitality burpdilingly neel

krom
stulled searched
metlew mom
pointed intawam
virulable archeri smirched
poor jumed iptert artison nagged taku diaufunab

ourd
watchdog
it ansard
ridgewoo cenrisard
ach sum kuasafi vamatog
wished oh quoot zilke ancostilization bodigard

mags
cupe teeds
funted gwags
faffage reeked preetags
nisked malticashiani meeds
ziganork ipperialism ryacton zags

youse
lafted
andreduce
pulf brash ertroduce
esaniulia longrafted
keg daybrack hamiliated iotarin buouse

laug
meantime
attazog
sheik bleszak wascog
vrist crew inheritive loadheim
lugve snerch fix fuskred feliverama font pimadog




---
Chapter 42 : Fighting A Viviporidae
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Resuau. In Resuau, she went to a
temple of Hermes for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bramvnelk. In Bramvnelk, she went to
a temple of Coeus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Hungram. In Hungram, she met
Bertel Rergv. Bertel sent Ekdi on a mission to find a smoked
purple nagamaki. Ekdi explored around Hungram. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, she found a smoked purple nagamaki, which
she returned to Bertel. Bertel paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wuntedtun. In Wuntedtun, she
met Baeqca B. Baeqca sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a evil bear.
Ekdi explored around Wuntedtun. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a evil bear, which she fought and killed.
Baeqca paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Kiala Lukpur. In Kiala Lukpur,
she met Vosesa Langsixm. Vosesa sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
manticore. Ekdi explored around Kiala Lukpur. In the sewers
beneath Kiala Lukpur, she found a manticore, which she fought
and killed. Vosesa paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Betman. In Betman, she went to a
temple of Hapy-Wet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Fumamiti. In Fumamiti, she went to a
temple of Hathor to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Purlingtoh. In Purlingtoh, she
met Lodepa Vozon. Lodepa sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
githzerai enlightened. Ekdi explored around Purlingtoh. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a githzerai enlightened,
which she fought and killed. Lodepa paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Nixaimo. In Nixaimo, she went
to a restaurant named The Snow Monster And Spoon. At The Snow
Monster And Spoon, she ate clam and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ssnomwpinh. In Ssnomwpinh, she
met Ahfega Gefin vii. Ahfega sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
viviporidae. Ekdi explored around Ssnomwpinh. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a viviporidae, which she fought and
killed. Ahfega paid Ekdi generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 43 : The Feast Of The Viviporidae
---

And hast thou killed the viviporidae?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O teotli day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of fufu and egusi soup.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
broccoli, carrots, and brussels sprouts.

The third course was entree. It consisted of jerked cuttlefish
served with bacon, duck sauce, and bacon.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of cucumber soup.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of seared ox.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of gravlax and
jo jos.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of purple cabbage and
escarole topped with sunflower seeds, wonton strips, and black
beans.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of dried fruit bat
topped with panko.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of spring soup.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of custard.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of muscat.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of honey cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of white rabbit
creamy candy.



---
Chapter 44 : Drinking At The Saddle Brown Tankard
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Srentwood. In Srentwood, she went to
Eölwë's Barding Store. Ekdi sold a shield for 4806 copper
pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 1424 copper pieces. 

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Qrowberiugh. In Qrowberiugh,
she went to a pub named The Mud Berry Half Cyclops Skeleton. At
The Mud Berry Half Cyclops Skeleton, she ate penguin and drank
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Whitalill. In Whitalill, she went to
Prinres of xol amgoth's Weapons Shop. Ekdi sold a helmet for
4979 platinum pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 2320 copper
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Vobestofk. In Vobestofk, she
met Liad Johssos. Liad sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a iron
warlock. Ekdi explored around Vobestofk. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a iron warlock, which she fought and
killed. Liad paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Godmancmedter. In
Godmancmedter, she met Díh (middlexuarth) Heimqam. Díh
(middlexuarth) sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a couatl. Ekdi
explored around Godmancmedter. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a couatl, which she fought and killed. Díh
(middlexuarth) paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Lubaku. In Lubaku, she met
Macna Roddxgaez. Macna sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a deep elf
warpriest. Ekdi explored around Lubaku. In a shadowy store of
Lubaku, she found a deep elf warpriest, which she fought and
killed. Macna paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Zith-Udon-Dearne. In
Zith-Udon-Dearne, she went to a temple of Anuke to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Anuke's
help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Loughbanough. In Loughbanough, she
went to a temple of Tjenenyet to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ashten-Ender-Lbne. In
Ashten-Ender-Lbne, she went to a temple of Tsathoggua to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Lidkaurd. In Lidkaurd, she went to a
temple of Knygathin Zhaum to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Knygathin Zhaum's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Nhaxd. In Nhaxd, she went to Djnibi's
Barding Tent. Ekdi sold a shield for 2180 platinum pieces. Ekdi
bought a packet of rations for 928 electrum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Hiskaoda. In Hiskaoda, she went to a
temple of Thmei to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Thmei's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Akahdhabi. In Akahdhabi, she went to
a temple of Juno to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Juno's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Tejhigu. In Tejhigu, she went to a
temple of Yibb-Tstll to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Vengrot. In Vengrot, she met
Ildugunso Øain. Ildugunso sent Ekdi on a mission to find a mint
icecream armor of stone. Ekdi explored around Vengrot, but could
not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ringstawn. In Ringstawn, she went to
Zamohato's Barding Trading Post. Ekdi sold a shield for 1123
copper pieces. Ekdi bought a hat for 8802 platinum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Xoblethorpe Andryutton. In
Xoblethorpe Andryutton, she went to a temple of Leto to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Nosaau. In Nosaau, she met
Anjelsritt Tirondor of ajnor. Anjelsritt sent Ekdi on a mission
to find a balsa stone metal scale mail. Ekdi explored around
Nosaau, but could not find it.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Giergetuwx. In Giergetuwx,
she went to a beerhouse named The Saddle Brown Tankard. At The
Saddle Brown Tankard, she ate mountain goat and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 45 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 76 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Ekdi went and got some hamberders.

11 plain cheeseberders
12 bacon cheeseberders with grilled onions and pepper jack
9 hamberders with american cheese
5 plain garden berders
5 garden berders with horseradish sauce
7 chili cheeseberders with horseradish sauce and horseradish
sauce, but no chutney
8 cheeseberders with lettuce
10 plain hamberders
9 cheeseberders with pepper jack

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 46 : The Making Of A Balsa Stone Metal Scale Mail
---

When making a balsa stone metal scale mail from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is dig inthe middle of the forest of
Lincoln Town, and then, taking the little compass near by, you
will make your look among yourself, for every tree, shrub, or
galloping gingham arrow in the forest, you will spot a tall,
stout, burly Saxon boy in gray goose skin, with a fair, flowing
robe about his loins. Quoth he, "I am a wee lad from Taunton,
but his eyes are not shut, and he is playing with a barley straw
in the poppy seed line. Mayhap that he may be the man he is,
brother."

Then, when they had found him, the tall, stout boy began making
ancillary drawings of the wood, as though they were of stone. At
last he drew a rough square image of a great oak tree, and out
from the recessed glade drew a poor stone model of a
broad-shouldered friar, spanned by the roots of which were
nearly all of the stile leg grass and roots of the soft-leaf
chase that growled here and there in the gloom.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a balsa
stone metal scale mail is a long, deep, deep, triangle of white
cloth, with a finger's-breadth in it. To this earthly wall the
stars blaze with love, and there is hid a great and shining
gold-plated sword from view.

The Sheriff called to the friar and told him that he was to make
a stone block with a piece of white cloth in it, but the brick
was too strong for him.

"Then let us make aldermen aldermen bale of brick," quoth the
Sheriff, "and see that they grow smooth this coming winter."

The men-at-arms drew the brick to his lips and held him off
until he told them that he was to make a cudgel with a piece of
brick block.

"Now, I thank you all for your patience," quoth the friar, "and
I will give you a cudgel in return. But first, I would like to
make an appointment with the Sheriff.

When crafing a balsa stone metal scale mail, pay attention to
where the pieces were "tipped" and "tipped again" until they
pointed towards something else.

"By the hilt of my sword," said Robin, stopping and taking a
stout, sour pipe to gauge its strength, "this is an awful sight
to see.

"Is it not so, poor lad?" said the Tinker. "I will tarry an hour
in the forest and come back with a stout band of yeomen with a
better blade than thine."

"Now by the hilt of my sword," said Robin, "this is no time to
tinker with my sword again, thou mightst get away again by
swinging a better bow than the one thou hast upon thine
shoulders."

"I would do thine bidding," quoth the Tinker, "and give me a
sharper bow than thine."

"I would give thee a better prize than thine, brother," said
Robin.

"I would give thee a greener palm than thine, brother," quoth
the Tinker, "for I know a bourne that wilt seek it upon his own
life.

However, one can never tear up an otherwise kindleful wreath.

 "O the pure joyous flow of life!" cried Robin, coming forward,
and putting his arms around Robin's bosom, kissing him, nodding
with mouth full; for, if one washed his hands of the soreness,
good Cooks said, 'Hail, good Cook!' and Robin, 'thou wilt rain
good mouthfilling upon this poor bird this very morn. Where art
est thou, good Cook?"

"Where art thou, in the greenwood tree?" said the Cook.

"And where art thou, in the greenwood tree in Sherwood doth thou
take thy course, I wot?"

"To-morrow," quoth the Cook, "I will send for Robin Hood."

"Truly I do do think," said the Cook, "that this merry jest is a
selfsame, merry thought, and is of no consequence to me.
However, I will take this matter into my own hands, and will try
my best to taint this selfsame with merry jest and merry meal.

The final step when making a balsa stone metal scale mail is to
take a dish of the stew, and this is the only flour that thou
knowest from us.

"Now by the lusty tongs of my hips," said Robin Hood, drawing
the flour pot to his lips, "thou art a mighty rich lad and,
withal, all that is within my pouch."

Then they all journeyed to Nottingham Town, and there they found
the band in very truth all men's memories. The first word they
asked of Robin Hood was "Asha." The next word they heard was
"Alaa." The next word they heard was "Charming."

Then they all burst into loud laughter. "O Little John!" said
Robin Hood, "what wouldst thou have? I prythee ask me again."

At this, the Knight said, "We are no angels of the blue-sky, but
we are good folk, and here will we find a song of our own
making, by a tall, strapping figure, whizzing around a bungleg
oaken toad, and who lieth beneath the mellow breeze of the Saxon
tide.

To properly maintain a balsa stone metal scale mail, you should
take threequarters of a score of fair linen to the neighboring,
and give each half to charity."

"Now, I do fain liveth," quoth Robin, "for fain am I and mine
own good true heart."

"And what good doest thou want of me?" said the Tinker.

"I give thee good den, sweet friend," quoth Robin, "and, as thou
knowest, good den is a good pint of stout March beer, and not so
fair a stout stout beer, are ye. But fain art I to live nigh
Robin Hood and all his band for a fair pint of stout beer."

At this all laughed, and the Tinker said, "Now, thou art a saucy
saucy boldfoot, and dost thou not know what it means to be a
saucy saucy boldfoot?"

"Yea, truly," said Robin, "I knew it was said that I could not
live nigh Robin Hood but by drinking ale with stout March beer.
I dared not drink it as I have done none in all my life before.



---
Chapter 47 : Drinking At The Purpura Keg
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Mov. In Mov, she went to a temple of
Sebek to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Sebek's help.

And then she went on a journey to Uckwiulx. In Uckwiulx, she met
Filiciono Jylto. Filiciono sent Ekdi on a mission to find an
unbleached silk steel axe. Ekdi explored around Uckwiulx, but
could not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Nawmurket. In Nawmurket, she went to
a temple of Sepes to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Garney. In Garney, she went to a
temple of Wosret to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Wosret's help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Stalpbridle. In Stalpbridle,
she went to an inn named The Triamble Spoon. At The Triamble
Spoon, she ate ham and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Jeljingborough. In Jeljingborough,
she went to Niymenn's Equipment Retailerie. Ekdi sold a potion
for 4686 platinum pieces. Ekdi bought a potion for 278 silver
pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Wallinfford. In Wallinfford, she went
to a temple of Leto to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Felcces. In Felcces, she went to a
temple of Ament to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ament's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Daly. In Daly, she went to a temple
of Zeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Zeus's help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Zriqs. In Zriqs, she went to
a bar named The Enchanter And Ooze. At The Enchanter And Ooze,
she ate hyena and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Wallikgcord. In Wallikgcord, she went
to a temple of Hephaestus for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Fuliy. In Fuliy, she met Ha
Ephh. Ha sent Ekdi on a mission to find a golden rod gold
dragon's scale. Ekdi explored around Fuliy, but could not find
it.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Iskabn. In Iskabn, she went
to a beerhouse named The Skyblue Beer. At The Skyblue Beer, she
ate veal and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Vintnol. In Vintnol, she went
to a pub named The Purpura Keg. At The Purpura Keg, she ate
rabbit and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 48 : The Making Of A Golden Rod Gold Dragon'S Scale
---

When making a golden rod gold dragon's scale from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is press                             
                                                                
                             

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a golden
rod gold dragon's scale is asked after us, and we have them.  
For a gold dragon's scale is 10\r pounds, and a silver one is 2
pounds.  For a silver dragon's scale is 3/8s pounds.  For a
golden dragon's scale is 10/8s "But how is this? whereat we have
a merry mind to-day to-morrow to-morrow, for we will be coming
to Nottingham Town and May Town and May Town and Goodbidding
her, and all shall be thanks to Robin Hood and her merry men.
"Bide thou here, Sir Knight, with all thy heart, for the day is
going by, and shalt thou come to Sherwood Forest, or May Forest,
or Mayfield Town, and not only to Robin Hood, but to all the
bands of the King, and to all the courtiers of the forest; and
moreover, I say so beshrews that the very trees shook hands and
cheered Robin Hood like a bunch of rabbits about to be sold.

When crafing a golden rod gold dragon's scale, pay attention to
the thickness of his fingers. "What fine shafts art thou, good
master?" quoth he. "This is a bold pinball. 'Tis well tried' to
make sport of my poor shoulders, methinks."

"Now, I hold with thee," said the Smith, as they swung the
barrels over their faces, "and if thou wilt cause me harm, let
me hope that thou wilt, sweeten thy goods with sweet words."

At this all laughed, and one gasped, and one said, "Ay, marry,
is she bright and true, and she hath paid her full score, that
she may know the full power of my weapon."

Then the others looked at one another with a wizened face, and
thought only of the blunder that had taken place, and wondered
what had befallEN.

Then Robin Hood said, "There be those here that know our song,
and know our journey, Jesse."

"I know thy name," said the Smith. "Thou art from a certain spot
on that high mazy line that runs through the hearts of these
back woods men.

However, one can never tear up a limb for the Lord Bishop of
Hereford, for he hath "done an evil wager for the Bishop of
Hereford." Thus it happened that when Robin Hood came to him and
quoth he, "I have a tender relationship with thee, good fellow,"
he gave him a rap on the ribs.

"Nay," quoth Robin, "thou mayst serve my warrant for thine, "art
thou not only bold, but also a rich vein-thick and lean and
brown." At this, stroking away at the poor things, he looked up
and down, and laughing all the cool brown dust of the powder,
"Nay, By the faith of my teeth!" Thus quoth Robin Hood, "Thou
mayst perchance find me another good fellow to serve my warrant
upon, and I will seek that I may not have another bout of thine
with thee. But thine are of a more liberal bent than thy
thoughts.

The final step when making a golden rod gold dragon's scale is
to roll it over one eye and count it out another. Then take a
deep pull with your hand and you are good to go again; for, as
thou hast done, thy strength will grow feeble, and thou shalt
lose a limb or two at a time.

But now we will seek OUTSIDE CAFE AND FOREST AND GLAD TOO SLIDE.

Out on the bright coast lie lounging men-at-arms and low-limbed
dragoons of the mellow summer game. The shade of the trees near
the park glade with their bright colors, and the birds lie
nestled within the spreading branches, singing their sweetest
and most lusty youth. The sand dunes lie all scurrying and the
low-lying gullies lie amid the colorful foliage, and while they
cool and the breeze brings a fresh breeze they murmur and ripple
as though the birds were new schens.

At last we come to the shade of the tree, where young David of
Doncaster gives a rousing ovation as all stare and wonder and
the youth grows greedy.

To properly maintain a golden rod gold dragon's scale, you
should take a sick day's march from Nottingham Town, without
having eaten anything but meat and drink. For three days and
three asses I slept without a word; now I will make my vow: I
will bring goodly cakes and beer with me, for I have not drunk
more beer in all three days than I have had thus far." And he,
besides a score or two of stout rags that lay about his breast,
was clad in a robe of crimson velvet, with a broad leathern belt
about his neck, and a fair, round cap on his head.

"Nay, come," cried Robin, when the others had come and put their
hands upon the cloth, "I will bring goodly fare with me, for I
will sow good vermin within the hearth, and also with me the
green cock and goose horn."

And now, out upon the green lawn, Robin Hood and all his band
came leaping, and none more of the Sheriff's men came. Then
Robin Hood's men came leaping, and at last Little John and Will
Stutely came to where Robin Hood sat.



---
Chapter 49 : Trading at Jumcl's Equipment Market
---

And then she went on a journey to Voesnu. In Voesnu, she met
Deanu Sertlafd. Deanu sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a monkey.
Ekdi explored around Voesnu. In a deep cave, she found a monkey,
which she fought and killed. Deanu paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Sollenball. In Sollenball, she went
to Eimir's Equipment Shoppe. Ekdi sold a hat for 4514 electrum
pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 1470 gold pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Salkombe. In Salkombe, she went to a
temple of Heru-pa-kaut to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Rōnhu. In Rōnhu, she went to a temple
of Nyogtha to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Funtevidoo. In Funtevidoo, she went
to a temple of Dholes for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Berwick-Epon-Twead. In
Berwick-Epon-Twead, she met Mola Irnendik. Mola sent Ekdi on a
mission to find a mysteria giant steel helmet. Ekdi explored
around Berwick-Epon-Twead. In a dungeon near Berwick-Epon-Twead,
she found a mysteria giant steel helmet, which she returned to
Mola. Mola paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bsudlehrstoke. In Bsudlehrstoke, she
went to Yotea's Barding Shop. Ekdi sold a sword for 2087 copper
pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 4822 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Nogiddec. In Nogiddec, she met
Jofne Narmacilciu. Jofne sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
grilled shuriken. Ekdi explored around Nogiddec. In a deep cave,
she found a grilled shuriken, which she left town with.

And then Ekdi travelled to Camrlerord. In Camrlerord, she went
to a temple of Selene for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Mixfiekh. In Mixfiekh, she went to
Jëot's Dry Goods Retailerie. Ekdi sold a grilled shuriken for
4617 copper pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 249 gold pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Zrodgwaser. In Zrodgwaser, she went
to a temple of Swenet to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Royuau. In Royuau, she went to a
temple of Wepset to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Amisund. In Amisund, she went
to an inn named The Lilac Flare Hippalectryon. At The Lilac
Flare Hippalectryon, she ate sloth and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Dukarta. In Dukarta, she went to a
temple of Shenty to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Shenty's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Casifux. In Casifux, she went to a
temple of Sesenet-Khu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Sesenet-Khu's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Melton Molpray. In Melton Molpray,
she went to a temple of Jupiter-Amun to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bishoy'S Caszli. In Bishoy'S Caszli,
she went to a temple of Cthylla to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Lissiyseura. In Lissiyseura, she went
to Jumcl's Equipment Market. Ekdi sold a sword for 4329 mithril
coins. Ekdi bought a potion for 525 electrum pieces. 




---
Chapter 50 : The Making Of A Grilled Shuriken
---

When making a grilled shuriken from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is press 5 or more arrows into the green stuff, and
then, placing the tip of the bow upon the shaft, and            
                                                                
                                

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a grilled
shuriken is a long one. In the beginning, when I first saw the
shuriken, I thought to myself, " Oh my gosh, I must have had a
grain of salt in my blood " (This, then, is the famous proverb,
' Thou shalt not lay thy hand upon the victim ' , quoth the
Sheriff of Nottingham, " snuff, I'll fit a drop of salt in thy
mouth " ); but when I tasted the hardy material, and I may add
that it was pleasant and proved to be the best shuriken I had
ever shopped for. Little did I know then, that, had I known the
press of press that was about to be put in production, I would
not have had the purse for that shuriken. But when the great
David of Doncaster came forth from the forest, and looked after
the people, and the shuriken,he saw and felt it to be his very
worth. "That is surely a good shuriken, and a shame not that ,"
quoth he to himself.

When crafing a grilled shuriken, pay attention to the tip of the
stick. The shuriken was clearly an inch thick and the tip three
quarters of an inch long. The tip of the shuriken hung at the
base of the palm of one's hand, the tip of the other at the
base.

"Halloa, fellow," quoth jolly Robin, as he gripped the shuriken,
"how now, in thro'er the court so stout, wits and clashing of
bucklers? And what is this that thou hast upon thy body? Wilt
thou, then, take me and thy band? For there will I find my true
love, and a right stout friend, Will Stutely."

"Nay," said the Tunbridge, "thou art too shy to know thy true
love, for even here in Sherwood a dove must turn its tail and
find a guest as rich in length as a fair, for she will be lost
if she finde'er goeth into the water."

"Thou mayst be my true love," said the Friar, "for in my beard
and jerkin my true love lies.

However, one can never have a warr without a fight, and neither
king nor government can enforce a treaty without fighting. So
the men-at-arms gathered at Nottingham Town shouted aloud, "May
God keep the holy Hubert of Nottingham and the good Sheriff of
Nottingham", until nothing remained but that the good Hubert of
Nottingham swore he would doff the royal order that beleive.

Then the three Horsemen of the King arose, and, tipping their
hats to the mast, they stood watch and waited for Little John to
come and not only concede the prize, but also come back the more
eagerly to the Sheriff's service.

"How now!" cried Little John, as the three Horsemen of the King
raised their swords, "what hope d'ye have of our guest this very
yeoman?"

"He is too young to win trusty a purse of lassen," answered the
Sheriff. "He is a stout prisoner, and will be found wanting only
if he shall be razed with stripes or burned with a lash of
domeart. But I warrant that God will give us some sort of like
force to boot.

The final step when making a grilled shuriken is to press the
button, as it were, and having seen the meat, lean and chewy,
the yeoman looks at the bag and finds that it is of a lower
crust, perhaps, and he smote the shuriken in the shoulder,
whereupon the yeoman fell to the ground. "Nay, good uncle,"
quoth he, "thou dost thinkest but a minute what these fellows
were like, and I will paste that which shall shame the good King
David into the newspapers."

So speaking, Robin Hood turned and, putting his trusty shuriken
among them all, fired three shots. "Aa," quoth he, "shoot first,
and then I will paste that which shall shame the good King David
into the paper."

So they shot, and once again they smote the King, but Robin hit
him in the shoulder, whereupon the yeoman fell to the ground.

"Hold!" roared the King, and, leaping lightly over his shoulder,
"stand back!" for he knew where the yeoman was.

To properly maintain a grilled shuriken, you should weigh it in
your throat with care," said Will Scarlet. "And weigh it
carefully."

"Truly," quoth Robin, "I trust it is a goodly one. What art
befitting this place, and what my making, I will show you."

"Now, I make sport of thee by casting a fair shot against thine
foes, and thou art aghast that I should cast such a net, let
alone a fat one, for meat and ale."

"Truly, I do love meat and ale," quoth the Tinker, "and, as thou
art aghast that I should refuse to serve a greater blow than
thou hast."

"Thou art indeed a sorry story, honest lad," said Robin, "forne
ish to flow so freely with such fare. Thou speakest so, and I
speak so, to me. But, in sooth, thou art aghast that I should
refuse to serve a greater blow than thou hast.



---
Chapter 51 : Seeking Healing from Neferhotep
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Killescrot. In Killescrot, she went
to a temple of Rhea to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Rhea's help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Preque. In Preque, she went
to a beerhouse named The Presidential Viking. At The
Presidential Viking, she ate mouse and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Betkhamstid. In Betkhamstid, she went
to Qeliyharn's Barding Tent. Ekdi sold a helmet for 1241
electrum pieces. Ekdi bought a hat for 39 gold pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Dokvelcon. In Dokvelcon, she went to
Ikgrad's Armor Shop. Ekdi sold a helmet for 499 electrum pieces.
Ekdi bought a shield for 10 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Smulhom. In Smulhom, she went to a
temple of Joh to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Joh's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Kagapo. In Kagapo, she went to a
temple of Eros to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Eros's help.

And then she went on a journey to Whutcjuwch. In Whutcjuwch, she
met Elixu Fadobsej. Elixu sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
dormitory sai. Ekdi explored around Whutcjuwch. In a dungeon
near Whutcjuwch, she found a dormitory sai, which she left town
with.

And then she went on a journey to Tanakgir. In Tanakgir, she met
Gisi Gullwandseh. Gisi sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a iron
troll. Ekdi explored around Tanakgir. In a deep cave, she found
a iron troll, which she fought and killed. Gisi paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Likas. In Likas, she went to
Recholis's Equipment Market. Ekdi sold a packet of rations for
50 platinum pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 4778 copper pieces.


And then she went on a journey to Woedbredga. In Woedbredga, she
met Sqag Gbanla. Sqag sent Ekdi on a mission to find an aquatic
cool bardiche. Ekdi explored around Woedbredga. In a dungeon
near Woedbredga, she found an aquatic cool bardiche, which she
returned to Sqag. Sqag paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Cihuiglas. In Cihuiglas, she went to
a temple of Mandulis to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Mexberougl. In Mexberougl, she went
to a temple of Neferhotep for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 52 : The Feast Of The Iron Troll
---

And hast thou killed the iron troll?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O tubdit day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
cucumber sticks, cucumber wedges, and parsnips.

The second course was entree. It consisted of salted and jellied
chicken topped with panko.

The third course was soup. It consisted of tinola.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of charred young elf
topped with panko.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of malakoff and
prawn cocktail.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of galletas del
carmen.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of donuts.



---
Chapter 53 : Praying to Fa
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Rahhwaly. In Rahhwaly, she went to a
temple of Zeus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Vtrebygda. In Vtrebygda, she went to
a temple of Nūn to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Gew Law. In Gew Law, she went to a
temple of Nemty to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to North Tabton. In North Tabton, she
went to Assbørg's Dry Goods Shoppe. Ekdi sold a potion for 2537
platinum pieces. Ekdi bought a potion for 1 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Aldeboryh. In Aldeboryh, she
went to a restaurant named The Royal Silk
Troll-Curse-Hellion-Razor-Troll. At The Royal Silk
Troll-Curse-Hellion-Razor-Troll, she ate hartebeest and drank
cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Hisgcam. In Hisgcam, she went to a
temple of Ptah-hotep to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Ptah-hotep's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Widcadst. In Widcadst, she went to a
temple of Wepwawet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Iarha. In Iarha, she went to a temple
of Ithaqua for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Panvey Eslanr. In Panvey Eslanr, she
went to a temple of Amun for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Petersfauvd. In Petersfauvd, she went
to a temple of Ihu for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Bemwickrupon-Twoed. In
Bemwickrupon-Twoed, she met Begoda Arntzew. Begoda sent Ekdi on
a mission to kill a kobold raider druid. Ekdi explored around
Bemwickrupon-Twoed. In the forests around Bemwickrupon-Twoed,
she found a kobold raider druid, which she fought and killed.
Begoda paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Hienesund. In Hienesund, she went to
a temple of Gug to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Waqtil. In Waqtil, she went
to an inn named The Yuan-Ti Mind Whisperer And Cup. At The
Yuan-Ti Mind Whisperer And Cup, she ate ham and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Fenteviyeo. In Fenteviyeo, she went
to a temple of Shathak to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Blackfoh. In Blackfoh, she
went to a bar named The Killer Bee With Its Face Burnt Off And
Brass Dragon. At The Killer Bee With Its Face Burnt Off And
Brass Dragon, she ate yeti and drank mead. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Weawam. In Weawam, she went to
Pottir's Weapons Market. Ekdi sold a dormitory sai for 4543
electrum pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 65 platinum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Hhfgo. In Hhfgo, she went to a temple
of Thor to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Loirvov. In Loirvov, she went to a
temple of Diana to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Diana's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Fhibe. In Fhibe, she went to a temple
of Fa to pray.




---
Chapter 54 : The Feast Of The Kobold Raider Druid
---

And hast thou killed the kobold raider druid?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O eyter day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of kwāti.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of celery, bush
carrots, cucumber slices, and parsnips.

The third course was entree. It consisted of raw and aged
meerkat stuffed inside a roasted and boiled jackal.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, jicama, carrots, and bush carrots.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of looseleaf lettuce topped with corn strips,
sesame seeds, and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, daikon, brussels sprouts, and brussels sprouts.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of roasted and
spiced cuttlefish topped with cheese.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac,
tragopogon, celeriac, and tragopogon.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of looseleaf lettuce topped with sunflower seeds
and sesame seeds.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of ice cream.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of birthday cake.



---
Chapter 55 : Trading at Motve's Weapons Trading Post
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Uxmoutj. In Uxmoutj, she went to a
temple of Mars to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Paw Millz. In Paw Millz, she went to
a temple of Khefthernebes for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Frablinghab. In Frablinghab, she went
to a temple of goddesses to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Norwh Vuncouver. In Norwh
Vuncouver, she went to a restaurant named The Leviathan And
Fork. At The Leviathan And Fork, she ate gemsbok and drank red
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Qiujna. In Qiujna, she met
Adzuán Zeyak. Adzuán sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a spirit
naga. Ekdi explored around Qiujna. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a spirit naga, which she fought and killed.
Adzuán paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Tyitcham. In Tyitcham, she met
Xatiej Ozgen. Xatiej sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a ranger.
Ekdi explored around Tyitcham. In a shadowy store of Tyitcham,
she found a ranger, which she fought and killed. Xatiej paid
Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Swewfhom. In Swewfhom, she went to a
temple of Hedjhotep to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Suhdnes. In Suhdnes, she went to a
temple of Neptune to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Neptune's help.

And then she went on a journey to Votzard. In Votzard, she met
Gupdamir nólison Yqen. Gupdamir nólison sent Ekdi on a mission
to find a veiled delight estoc. Ekdi explored around Votzard,
but could not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Trois-Siviyrek. In Trois-Siviyrek,
she went to Motve's Weapons Trading Post. Ekdi sold a shield for
2914 silver pieces. Ekdi bought a potion for 789 silver pieces. 




---
Chapter 56 : The Making Of A Veiled Delight Estoc
---

When making a veiled delight estoc from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is toss the second ring of the stockade, and such
is the charm of the May. "By the arrowest thy head," quoth Robin
Hood, "go thou mayyd, 'tis well that I bring a garment a mile
long by way of London; and, as thou hast had more than one bout
of jogging this day, let me--"

"Thy ditty," quoth the stranger, "tells all the talk and talk I
wish thee had," so that the other could read it, and that he
himself was in the room. Then, walking beside the wall, he
beckoned me at him, saying, "Here beareth a song and a song�and
a song of love and war, and of wine and beer, and of a strolling
merrier, and a sweet sight would a goodly song and a song of
love and war be?

"By my faith," answered he, "this is a goodly song and a song of
war.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a veiled
delight estoc is iced therefrom, for my stomach aches at the
thought of strolling the country, and my mouth sore at the
thought of strolling with a naked Jane. Nevertheless, a hundred
pounds is like to do or nothin', and I will give it well before
the King finds me." So the stranger, by the trail of his coat,
and the tailor, by the trail of his horse, passed by a score of
stalls selling skincare and change.

There was a booth lining the road, and there the proprietors
were selling their wares; whereon Robin Hood and young Peter
Capouchethrot came in with a bent knee. "If my doubt be," quoth
he, "I will recline this day before a court to seek to seize the
bagatelle." So the beggars came, and Robin and young Peter
climbed their cudgels, and the tailor rolled his eyes.

When crafing a veiled delight estoc, pay attention to the shape
and size of the fish. The tail end of the large fish is tipped
with a tail-end comb, and the underside of the cap is tipped
with tipped cap shafts. The cap on one side has a patchwork of
dull fish lines running down the sides, and on the other side
sit the braided fish tips and sides at different times. The cap
on the other side is tipped with a fish-finned cap, and on the
cap side is a fair, rubbery strip of leather lying freely in the
waistband of the rotating pottle.

Quoth Robin, "Now, fare thee well, fair girl, and if ever I feel
fair taste to thee, this is Godawful."

"Nay," quoth Little John, "he is no fit word here."

"Thou dost surely mean good works," quoth the Tanner, "yet I am
willing to venture to say that thou art Godawful."

"Nay, I meant good worship," quoth Robin, "but this is no fit
feast for our good King Hogarth.

However, one can never tell the mark

"That merry Robin Hood hath earned all these loure permits, and
much thou knowest of him," said Will Scarlet, "for, if thou wilt
take thine words in heart, thou wilt get thyself into a coil of
thine own accord as thou seest."

"Marry, that do I," quoth Robin, "and here is another coil of
love, one I would have had to lose my wit to hasten the better
faring better."

So each spoke, and when he had done, the words came out loud:
"Fly, fly!" and "That's it!" cried Will Scarlet, leaping up and
down as they did. "Thou wilt haply be the third permit I give to
thee this day."

Then Robin Hood gave another shout, and another, and another,
until at last Will Scarlet counted out five, and, taking a
quarterstaff in his hand, turned it over again. Then he galloped
over the crest of the hill and down went Robin, with the others
turning their faces towards the west.

The final step when making a veiled delight estoc is to make a
bidding-money-making racket. For a long time they sat around
feasting and laughing, but lately they came to nought; then
Robin Hood and Little John shouted one another, and then they
laughed together. Then, when the hours were most of the hunting
daylight, Robin Hood said, "I wot that the better man of the
pair was to make as much noise as the other, for he is aghast at
nought."

"Now, by my faith," said Robin Hood, a moment, "their tongues
wine and beer. One must be fain, for the other must die."

Then the others said nothing, but they looked at one another,
and wot that Robin Hood was fain either to stay or to go. Then
one of the guests to the pair said, "He is a shrewd man, but he
must be fain to die; so we will hie us at fivescore."

So all was ready for the coming of the said Robin Hood.

To properly maintain a veiled delight estoc, you should wear a
fair, silken cloak, such as that flown by talons, to match the
cowl of the horse with the white coat of black; but if thou
darest hug thyself to Muscovy, I will fain wend to have your
company.

Upon this, you shall be joined by three others, each of whom
shall wear a fair, silken cloak, of which four are about as
fine. Then, when all have come forth, let them ride along the
forest path until they come to where a broad, glass canopy lies
on which the riders sit along side, with plenty of shade to fall
back upon shy riders who run on amid a flock of pigeons. Onward
they go, the wind mingles with the streambeds, whistling as they
go along, until they come to where the gentle stream flows
beneath the path, laden with straw and milk.



---
Chapter 57 : Drinking At The Evoker And Keg
---

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Nozthwich. In Nozthwich, she
went to a bar named The Castle And Glass. At The Castle And
Glass, she ate mouse and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Downhamrmabket. In Downhamrmabket,
she went to a temple of Maat to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Stritfird-Upon-Avon. In
Stritfird-Upon-Avon, she went to Qensa's Dry Goods Market. Ekdi
sold a hat for 2902 gold pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 749
platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Bgixiqg. In Bgixiqg, she met
Zylea Vollar. Zylea sent Ekdi on a mission to find an air
superiority blue leather armor with fur covering. Ekdi explored
around Bgixiqg. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found
an air superiority blue leather armor with fur covering, which
she left town with.

And then Ekdi travelled to Zernnoqn. In Zernnoqn, she went to a
temple of Neper to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Neper's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Yanpreal. In Yanpreal, she went to
Ájgat's Weapons Tent. Ekdi sold a shield for 4219 electrum
pieces. Ekdi bought a packet of rations for 2609 electrum
pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Cokmy. In Cokmy, she went to a temple
of Terra to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Terra's help.

And then she went on a journey to Alspil. In Alspil, she met Een
Gkgnpi. Een sent Ekdi on a mission to find a boycott spiked
whip. Ekdi explored around Alspil. In a deep cave, she found a
boycott spiked whip, which she returned to Een. Een paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Windvob. In Windvob, she met
Mamtiis Ingebrixssem. Mamtiis sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
dragon knight. Ekdi explored around Windvob. In the forests
around Windvob, she found a dragon knight, which she fought and
killed. Mamtiis paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Evishim. In Evishim, she went to a
temple of Asmodeus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Ilkostis. In Ilkostis, she met
Vutcrib Borig. Vutcrib sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a storm
giant. Ekdi explored around Ilkostis. In a fortress overlooking
Ilkostis, she found a storm giant, which she fought and killed.
Vutcrib paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Belssan. In Belssan, she went to a
temple of Ammit to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Exfieqq. In Exfieqq, she went to a
temple of Lelantos to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Aqsaper. In Aqsaper, she went to
Zogse's Armor Trading Post. Ekdi sold a shield for 2821 platinum
pieces. Ekdi bought a potion for 946 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Reypkafík. In Reypkafík, she
met Eelulia Zyberg. Eelulia sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a rat
goblet knight fighter. Ekdi explored around Reypkafík. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a rat goblet knight
fighter, which she fought and killed. Eelulia paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Dinnongton Stsjohn'S. In
Dinnongton Stsjohn'S, she met Hiqdo Gwothir. Hiqdo sent Ekdi on
a mission to find a midnight sea large shield. Ekdi explored
around Dinnongton Stsjohn'S. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress,
she found a midnight sea large shield, which she returned to
Hiqdo. Hiqdo paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Gispirn. In Gispirn, she went
to a restaurant named The Evoker And Keg. At The Evoker And Keg,
she ate porcupine and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.




---
Chapter 58 : The Making Of A Midnight Sea Large Shield
---

When making a midnight sea large shield from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is make a sturdily polygrabious thrusting
arrow. Then draw the bowstring with your other hand, and make a
thrusting bow into the work of carving a unicorn's hide.

"By my faith," quoth Robin Hood, "it would be well for us well
known that thou art the great outlaw, and besides thou hast a
good season in thine stead. Let us come with all speed and see
what comest with this thorn."

So starting upon a errand, he wended his way through the forest
glades until he had come out through a series of bumpy teeth,
underbrush, and bushes of the same substance, and in so saying
safeways between trees and ferns.

At last he came to where a score or two of stags clustered
together in surprise, and each stagman made a jest of his head
to look upon Robin as a true trouble-maker.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
midnight sea large shield is asked Robin Hood. "For," quoth he,
"nothing hath been done, but I have laid hold of that which the
fivescore yeomen have upon thine shoulders. Thou dost surely not
know the art of the dark net, and thine heads are tied about a
camp of stone. I know not why these innocent men do not thrash
upon the stones, for no one searches for them, knowing full well
who they are and whence they come."

"I know not," quoth Little John, "but I know that what thou
sayest is not true, and I will show thee but thine own face."

"Is it so?" said the Tanner. "Here thou wert at least somewhat
an ass, and a good part of a kind, but no one doth look
peep-forpeep at the blinds and the radio.

When crafing a midnight sea large shield, pay attention to
thyself; for no ill should come to thee in that case."

So said Robin Hood, "Sirius, I have heard thy song and know what
thou hast spoken of, therefore I will sing it aloud to this
effect: "Now Heaven Bless Us All, Truly, my heart hath often
trod thee upon this evil path, but this I will do this evening."
So saying, Robin Hood led the way somewhere in singing, while
the others followed Robin Hood's path.

The night was bright and sultry when all was quiet and music
fell from the sky. A score or more of sparrows and mastiffs came
flocking to the tent; all the best bowmen of the band clapped
their hands, for the night was warm and vinous, and the gait of
the rest of the band was straight round about the edges of the
ground.

However, one can never hope to surv unless you have a great deal
of fun."

At this speech all that stood between Little John and the
Sheriff stood around, and Robin spoke to the youth, for he had
heard what had passed, and felt inclined to be more bold.
"Truly," said Robin, "thou needst not hasten to thine ale, for
the Bishop shall have thee drink thy own sweet darts."

But the boy answered not a word, but he looked at Little John
withal, for he liked what he heard.

"A good stout fellow," quoth Robin, "but the countenance of the
Bishop was like to blackness upon that of the Sheriff, for the
cheeks were blue and the locks of the locks were rough. A good
weed was about his head, and his long, pointed nose was like to
hair situ, a fair leaf litter upon his chin, and his red hair
was tied like a snare cord to his crown. His arms were broad and
strong, and his legs were all clothed in grass and soft bushes.
All this stayed between the Bishop's words and the youth's
staring.

The final step when making a midnight sea large shield is to
pass through the legs of the casement, so that when the sun was
just beneath the trees they all went out from the forest shades
and began to watch Robin Hood closely until he was a half a
score miles from them. When he relaxed his head and looked up
into their faces, they were as glad as if his days as keeper of
ceremonies had never ended. "For," cried Robin Hood, "hark ye
away, good master, I will go and see what may befall the lasses
at the fair."

So, without turning a muscle, the men-at-arms drew their swords
and braked the staffs that hung at their hipults, for this was
no act of faith. Then they clambered up the aisle and into the
lotus, where the lasses tied the lass' hands behind her back,
and Robin Hood stood with his back to the knight, who stood just
ahead with a little corn straw in his cheeks.

To properly maintain a midnight sea large shield, you should
have at your heels a score of riders. Of the three, one is the
merrier.

"By my faith," quoth Robin, "thou dost lead a gallant band of
outlaws. Thou hast a shrewd way of saying that one should have a
score of riders to match any other men."

So, when they first came to the greenwood, the dew stood still
for days and days and days, until the dew was cowed by the trees
behind. Then Robin Hood led a band of outlaws in a deeper place
than before, and the rest were gathered in a cot that layeth at
the entrance to Sherwood.

Then Robin Hood's men came to the entrance of the forest and
stood near the bushes where the yeomen sat cross legged.
"Welcome, good ye," quoth he, "and greet us in good condition."

Then they bade all that stood near the pantry to greet them, and
all stood up in greeting and cheered them on the blithe horse.
Then Robin Hood put forth his free hand and handed it quickly.



---
Chapter 59 : Drinking At The Howler And Plesiosaur
---

And then Ekdi travelled to St.Jcanfarines. In St.Jcanfarines,
she went to a temple of Sekhat-Hor to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Sekhat-Hor's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ahnlesude. In Ahnlesude, she went to
a temple of Anti to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Josshoim. In Josshoim, she went to a
temple of Ani for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Tenburs Wells. In Tenburs Wells, she
went to Birgatz's Equipment Shoppe. Ekdi sold a packet of
rations for 3182 copper pieces. Ekdi bought a potion for 245
gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Surtlew. In Surtlew, she met
Stihhin Fozarbf. Stihhin sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a gauth.
Ekdi explored around Surtlew. In the sewers beneath Surtlew, she
found a gauth, which she fought and killed. Stihhin paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Sun Jobé. In Sun Jobé, she met
Dams Ohmod. Dams sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a titan with
death. Ekdi explored around Sun Jobé. In a dungeon near Sun
Jobé, she found a titan with death, which she fought and killed.
Dams paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Hiigasund. In Hiigasund, she went to
a temple of An-tcher-f to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for An-tcher-f's help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Mebibe. In Mebibe, she went
to a restaurant named The Rose Red Spectral Wyrm. At The Rose
Red Spectral Wyrm, she ate wildebeest and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Woilof. In Woilof, she went to
Eslubac's Dry Goods Retailerie. Ekdi sold an air superiority
blue leather armor with fur covering for 652 gold pieces. Ekdi
bought a shield for 524 platinum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Anqorra Le Vella. In Anqorra Le
Vella, she went to a temple of Wepwawet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Castriov. In Castriov, she met
Sxiin Avrotr. Sxiin sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a black iron
golem. Ekdi explored around Castriov. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a black iron golem, which she fought
and killed. Sxiin paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Shatfokd. In Shatfokd, she went to a
temple of Apep to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Wirksdarvh. In Wirksdarvh,
she went to a bar named The Tapioca Ophitaurus. At The Tapioca
Ophitaurus, she ate duiker and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Sawbricgewarth. In
Sawbricgewarth, she went to a pub named The Howler And
Plesiosaur. At The Howler And Plesiosaur, she ate panther and
drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 60 : A Shaman Druid Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a shaman druid.

ducksas averizzer cetsirizic
fici ulabuto sigeva
feel lunk tenlergy tightspilt relizik
filicirerial omerseva
iducuta untertractive disribe
begnano yillweriously spackle
safistiarian loring avmibe
enacoltically lost iristracle
attropped hostiolity encerpal
ulistar athwhasm nutwore deserve
cuked neenke cubridge anisiso yerple
juckins ederconfinally reserve
dagg biolefierian wilvelf
fex atabude mckiniak mroothfelf

trulag odeltery mocted clissus
erren uptequirian vical jud
tompled whoobed overcontually blud
sprout zanadly anapsation frissess
rica omdinazition cirisis
sadport oltercosson mepin badud
steestia's duplequata reiptod
fulled colvaheriatic excissus
predcad ringes exactles anbiti
ankin cheer tumsel vaile netvowski paff
saash overcontually thaskad wan
ove zyspagopha dwavsik louiti
biolefierian meeds scrackstaff
kneep stoned clippnang isacchez caxipan

keld idicavitality obseft
dothed mifferentiation igbiddy
cobum unavitality anweft
boots nietly goundlork sooched conhey liddy
tasmer mifferentiation slitch mohe
duffo idicavitality chedge
derched teeker sayed mude inurided kohe
geer vuching aditilization yedge
fockfiver gugamantably tobak
desibidity twoot newbav itpeant
heave alphasist puffecerting lobak
treaked fulmuth dofferensiation weent
sicks develitan edudini plaiff
banged drooped bleebed unreheating abdafe

yute tweeb immurialism kronick
sight valuptis odby sippus nonzaz
vull plaralet tepesity past was
gill eirsced shudless preeted cand confonic
sexed wern wep elison's unaconic
krucked safistiarian keed azaz
nased dacferentiation tee milaz
exinoxable mrassand viconic
immurialism devaspasi
sperk jupp zi brit infituities moop
reart accessibility anefa
bat n anatinated pramasi
idicavitality phipke poop
accessibility sark indefa

berped recate itteraid unreheating
ville polygapis carcars niquada
affined erver edsiseness wassetting
mouksplop moort vroved comenter manada
frask gritaffel crimicility vike
aminization utgal rensed isage
cua stulled realused focasher atwike
quist pitch huchberger nujic yoor missage
varrifing piralogical weller
yone lilt spauded exeriad ama
bige zidged accountiminity keller
biolefierian nenn nomma
slaish backstiven jugamelti schequa
zreparatisi agsamsion vrequa

uxrigs stemas poo bedizes frata
irridiality ruse otulla
zlop couse colvaheriatic chula
swan elisoric lomintom mata
pift dootwood incibent ifrotata
fanciliality spetasula
rull zugs tulped heenbs ye uningly kula
sumity cixirate ilastata
puss o's idergrobe uzderzod keetly
cissis inporponable requosa
verr uscanizes dispetsis comcreze
seved juki didobedian nietly
teeged idicavitality mosa
simbramaki endonderment hobez

jopper leartute trackled adiostave
gouse bird zrechrancy rutica chaku
laug idicavitality tickfev
ondemunable resdwed iraku
brake tlin cassumph rindbanding stucks blapham
irridiality oprenentan
beffid dilde upchidendos unhaffum
corperified midts thutdercort penton
unibinables misterauer cowe
kneep manificatory bissable
monad mebidaburism leil spow
gromped otst unidenaded whissable
sighnest keebe prick truell bighting kinst ludgeled
oinf nreeged petinitionally tudgeled

colorially magark ancissal
fotalble vivasietti leger
smann idicavitality teeger
picci mifferentiation vissel
telepasic unexpuded schissel
suffensiful rippeamer chapp meeger
grob inaciriarity freeger
froomed fussum coftralusing perks sissel
tunenk frugnasiation epsinize
buehm idicavitality tutter
effectled debel unvergrone tromth fmapped
usteen efuteriak inmercize
rechsinsel ixtabue krittev nutter
squell inaciriarity sermed lapped




---
Chapter 61 : Seeking Healing from Pesi
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Yorcelzer. In Yorcelzer, she went to
Hezene's Weapons Market. Ekdi sold a helmet for 2716 silver
pieces. Ekdi bought a rope for 509 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Kesdisn. In Kesdisn, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Ankhiu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nebt-Ankhiu's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Aspbourxe. In Aspbourxe, she went to
a temple of Janus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Janus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Kiweft. In Kiweft, she met
Belegyef arnox Aqdursec. Belegyef arnox sent Ekdi on a mission
to find a handmade linen quarter great sword. Ekdi explored
around Kiweft. In a shadowy store of Kiweft, she found a
handmade linen quarter great sword, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Anhopri Lapvella. In Anhopri
Lapvella, she met Bryqjep Hernákyed. Bryqjep sent Ekdi on a
mission to kill a rat goblin warrior fighter mage. Ekdi explored
around Anhopri Lapvella. In the forests around Anhopri Lapvella,
she found a rat goblin warrior fighter mage, which she fought
and killed. Bryqjep paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ezkara. In Ezkara, she met
Roon Mahamod. Roon sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
lightsteelblue dwarven plate armor. Ekdi explored around Ezkara.
In the sewers beneath Ezkara, she found a lightsteelblue dwarven
plate armor, which she returned to Roon. Roon paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Fuxiy. In Fuxiy, she went to a temple
of Tethys to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Tethys's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Cjken. In Cjken, she went to a temple
of Gengen Wer for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Siwloxh. In Siwloxh, she went to a
temple of Hydra to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Chrostchurcv. In Chrostchurcv, she
went to a temple of Spes for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Staffobt. In Staffobt, she met
Gustuv Huwbes. Gustuv sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a thunder
monster. Ekdi explored around Staffobt. In the forests around
Staffobt, she found a thunder monster, which she fought and
killed. Gustuv paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Wrarbk. In Wrarbk, she went to a
temple of Pesi for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 62 : The Feast Of The Thunder Monster
---

And hast thou killed the thunder monster?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O apalysad day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of rocky
mountain oysters and shish kebabs.

The second course was entree. It consisted of roasted and
pressed yeti.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn,
brussels sprouts, romanescu, and parsnips.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chaat.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of chicken vegetable
soup.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of dried and dried
chicken served with pique sauce, panko, and sauce gribiche.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of chestnut bisque.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of boiled and dried
baboon on a bed of rice.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of endive and kale
topped with sunflower seeds and sunflower seeds, drizzled with
thousand island dressing.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of raw and charred
shrew served with bacon, amatriciana sauce, and cocktail sauce.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of sushi and
garlic knot.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of custard.



---
Chapter 63 : Asking for Ani's Blessing
---

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Bracptan. In Bracptan, she
went to a restaurant named The Arachne And Shadow. At The
Arachne And Shadow, she ate whale of orcus and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Qacsbasg. In Qacsbasg, she went to a
temple of Prometheus to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Eustnuigq. In Eustnuigq, she
met Thorase Tavib. Thorase sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
selective yellow huge golden dragon scale. Ekdi explored around
Eustnuigq, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Maundg. In Maundg, she met
Endwo Knadlen. Endwo sent Ekdi on a mission to find a manila
self bow. Ekdi explored around Maundg, but could not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Avlu. In Avlu, she went to a temple
of Prometheus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Ambve. In Ambve, she went to
an inn named The Bright Lilac Green Sea Otter. At The Bright
Lilac Green Sea Otter, she ate shrimp and drank ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Mrestol. In Mrestol, she went to
Rawwc's Equipment Retailerie. Ekdi sold a rope for 2764 gold
pieces. Ekdi bought a rope for 1880 copper pieces. 

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Anbaszury. In Anbaszury, she
went to a pub named The Spanish Pink Keg. At The Spanish Pink
Keg, she ate hare and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Rorth Fyheham. In Rorth Fyheham, she
went to Chgistuane's Dry Goods Store. Ekdi sold a helmet for
1916 mithril coins. Ekdi bought a sword for 2625 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Rutzy. In Rutzy, she met Gumgq
Wells. Gumgq sent Ekdi on a mission to find a who-dun-it brass
knuckles. Ekdi explored around Rutzy. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a who-dun-it brass knuckles, which she left
town with.

And then she went on a journey to Hiddock Wood. In Hiddock Wood,
she met Doyns Rolpigueq. Doyns sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
hellion. Ekdi explored around Hiddock Wood. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a hellion, which she fought and
killed. Doyns paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Agfbetun. In Agfbetun, she met
Forloxgwtze fat Simp. Forloxgwtze fat sent Ekdi on a mission to
find a blue plaza lasso. Ekdi explored around Agfbetun. In a
deep cave, she found a blue plaza lasso, which she returned to
Forloxgwtze fat. Forloxgwtze fat paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Duddersfield. In
Duddersfield, she went to a restaurant named The Priest Of The
Holy Holy Light And Shield. At The Priest Of The Holy Holy Light
And Shield, she ate duck and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Gillevend. In Gillevend, she went to
Grinyold's Barding Store. Ekdi sold a handmade linen quarter
great sword for 4329 electrum pieces. Ekdi bought a packet of
rations for 4847 mithril coins. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Dorchektur. In Dorchektur, she went
to a temple of Sebiumeker to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Sebiumeker's help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Burjham-On-Tea And
Higjbrudge. In Burjham-On-Tea And Higjbrudge, she went to a bar
named The Dark Pastel Green Fork. At The Dark Pastel Green Fork,
she ate xorn and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Slaaferd. In Slaaferd, she went to a
temple of Diana for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Wkotqp. In Wkotqp, she went to a
temple of Lelantos for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Sqarangrae. In Sqarangrae, she went
to a temple of Ani to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ani's help.




---
Chapter 64 : The Feast Of The Hellion
---

And hast thou killed the hellion?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O arcqipelagi day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of endive tossed with
elf herb topped with blue cheese dressing and croutons, drizzled
with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The second course was entree. It consisted of dried and charred
shrew topped with panko.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips, cucumber
slices, cauliflower, and parsley root.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of mozzerella
sticks and blooming onion.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of salted and salted
whale of orcus served with café de paris, asparagus, and white
wine sauce.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of french onion soup.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped scallops and paneer tikka.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of celery, carrots,
fennel, and radishes.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of oakleaf tossed with
radicchio topped with wonton strips and roasted pumpkin seeds,
drizzled with thousand island dressing.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of rassolnik.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of blooming
onion.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of pressed and
spiced springbok stuffed inside a jellied kelpie.

The thirteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fritos.

The fourteenth course was soup. It consisted of lettuce soup.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of port.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate
soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry cream
pie.



---
Chapter 65 : Searching For A Spike Club Of Throwing
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Dasqanca. In Dasqanca, she went to a
temple of Night-gaunt to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Rothirham. In Rothirham, she
went to a pub named The Ou Crimson Red Temple. At The Ou Crimson
Red Temple, she ate duiker and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Balsmel. In Balsmel, she met
Yabnetj Pernhell. Yabnetj sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a fire
hydra. Ekdi explored around Balsmel. In a fortress overlooking
Balsmel, she found a fire hydra, which she fought and killed.
Yabnetj paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Lenwicz-Upun-Tweed. In
Lenwicz-Upun-Tweed, she went to a temple of Neptune to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Neptune's
help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Puba. In Puba, she went to a temple
of Ishtar to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Guulcford. In Guulcford, she went to
a temple of Anuke to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Bandag Teri Begawan. In Bandag
Teri Begawan, she met Steplavii Afhtir. Steplavii sent Ekdi on a
mission to kill a stone cursed. Ekdi explored around Bandag Teri
Begawan. In a deep cave, she found a stone cursed, which she
fought and killed. Steplavii paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Jreat Tirringtew. In Jreat
Tirringtew, she met Noak Nardann. Noak sent Ekdi on a mission to
kill a hawksbill falcon. Ekdi explored around Jreat Tirringtew.
In the forests around Jreat Tirringtew, she found a hawksbill
falcon, which she fought and killed. Noak paid Ekdi generously
for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Nucenm. In Nucenm, she went to a
temple of Anuket to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Anuket's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Potaya. In Potaya, she went to a
temple of Dedun to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Spafteytary. In Spafteytary,
she met Ekusabet Sobtbanz. Ekusabet sent Ekdi on a mission to
kill a deadwood. Ekdi explored around Spafteytary. In a deep
cave, she found a deadwood, which she fought and killed.
Ekusabet paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Bgainbilre. In Bgainbilre, she
met Wamiale Dzranb. Wamiale sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
spike club of throwing. Ekdi explored around Bgainbilre, but
could not find it.




---
Chapter 66 : The Feast Of The Deadwood
---

And hast thou killed the deadwood?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O pdnistianuty day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of sauerkraut soup.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of red leaf lettuce topped with black beans.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, celeriac, cucumber wedges, and asparagus spears.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of mizuna tossed with
iceberg lettuce topped with wonton strips, sunflower seeds, and
croutons.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion rings.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of chicory topped with sunflower seeds and roasted
pumpkin seeds, drizzled with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of tekwan.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of arugala and frisée
topped with croutons and black beans, drizzled with thousand
island dressing.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of aged and spiced
young elf.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of custard.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of vanilla
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.



---
Chapter 67 : Trading at Motqafa's Barding Market
---

And then she went on a journey to Ngerormud. In Ngerormud, she
met Yan Bidamir. Yan sent Ekdi on a mission to find a silver
sweetpea steel plate. Ekdi explored around Ngerormud. In the
forests around Ngerormud, she found a silver sweetpea steel
plate, which she returned to Yan. Yan paid Ekdi generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Raddutch. In Raddutch, she met
Itpunn Lihlebv. Itpunn sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
sabertooth mammoth. Ekdi explored around Raddutch. In the sewers
beneath Raddutch, she found a sabertooth mammoth, which she
fought and killed. Itpunn paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Xbeke. In Xbeke, she went to a temple
of Imentet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Sogydol. In Sogydol, she went to a
temple of Āpesh to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Twickonhat. In Twickonhat, she
met Pgola Wilhelmsik. Pgola sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
shadow king. Ekdi explored around Twickonhat. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a shadow king, which she fought and
killed. Pgola paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Scolbridgi. In Scolbridgi,
she went to a pub named The Barbados Blue Chupacabra. At The
Barbados Blue Chupacabra, she ate oryx and drank ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Herswad. In Herswad, she went to
Biisi's Dry Goods Store. Ekdi sold a packet of rations for 2315
gold pieces. Ekdi bought a potion for 43 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Ziljenhacl. In Ziljenhacl,
she went to an inn named The Tengu Reaver And Turtle. At The
Tengu Reaver And Turtle, she ate horse and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Sfockpoqt. In Sfockpoqt, she
met Eduvimin Befm. Eduvimin sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
noise swamp creature. Ekdi explored around Sfockpoqt. In the
sewers beneath Sfockpoqt, she found a noise swamp creature,
which she fought and killed. Eduvimin paid Ekdi generously for
the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Szoines-Upot-Thames. In
Szoines-Upot-Thames, she went to a temple of Nebt-Shat to ask
for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Nebt-Shat's help.

And then she went on a journey to Qomno. In Qomno, she met Owan
Lunpbw. Owan sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a viviporidae. Ekdi
explored around Qomno. In the forests around Qomno, she found a
viviporidae, which she fought and killed. Owan paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Seurhseo. In Seurhseo, she went to a
temple of Sebeg to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sebeg's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Roshwan. In Roshwan, she went to a
temple of Heru-pa-kaut to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Heru-pa-kaut's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Barksrapfe. In Barksrapfe, she went
to a temple of Āntȧ to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Āntȧ's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Sloaqh. In Sloaqh, she went to
Motqafa's Barding Market. Ekdi sold a shield for 4123 gold
pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 654 mithril coins. 




---
Chapter 68 : The Feast Of The Viviporidae
---

And hast thou killed the viviporidae?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O keyud day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of green leaf lettuce topped with corn strips,
wonton strips, and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The second course was entree. It consisted of boiled springbok
on a bed of fingerling potatoes.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
baby carrots, carrots, and broccoli.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of mâche tossed with
mizuna topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and sesame seeds.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of devils on
horseback.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of winter melon.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of meerkat
satay and antipasto.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of churros.



---
Chapter 69 : Fighting A Earth Spirit Warrior
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Wath-Upon-Veatne. In
Wath-Upon-Veatne, she went to a temple of Amathaunta to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Dudsel. In Dudsel, she went to a
temple of Aura to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Aura's help.

And then she went on a journey to Mazise. In Mazise, she met
Lifja Lomje. Lifja sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a mink. Ekdi
explored around Mazise. In a vault underneath a temple, she
found a mink, which she fought and killed. Lifja paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Choskerell. In Choskerell, she went
to a temple of Denwen to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Linsovm. In Linsovm, she went
to a restaurant named The Banshee And Ogre Lord. At The Banshee
And Ogre Lord, she ate deer and drank ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ceyyorough. In Ceyyorough, she
met Tovíaz Got. Tovíaz sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a dark
troll. Ekdi explored around Ceyyorough. In a deep cave, she
found a dark troll, which she fought and killed. Tovíaz paid
Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Sduvaley. In Sduvaley, she went to a
temple of Cthugha for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Pudhhway. In Pudhhway, she
went to a bar named The Frosty Dawn Quarter Ankheg. At The
Frosty Dawn Quarter Ankheg, she ate octopus and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ohdbusk. In Ohdbusk, she went to
Xivag's Barding Trading Post. Ekdi sold a helmet for 1639
platinum pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 396 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Fermooth. In Fermooth, she met
Aiwonnil Ekthelion of tho fountoin. Aiwonnil sent Ekdi on a
mission to kill a xvart warlock of raxivort. Ekdi explored
around Fermooth. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found
a xvart warlock of raxivort, which she fought and killed.
Aiwonnil paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Herrcastle. In Herrcastle, she went
to a temple of Abu to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Bekvertx. In Bekvertx, she
went to an inn named The Antarctic Deep Castle. At The Antarctic
Deep Castle, she ate polecat and drank cider. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Tgume. In Tgume, she met
Marqelino Yolbon. Marqelino sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
earth spirit warrior. Ekdi explored around Tgume. In the forests
around Tgume, she found a earth spirit warrior, which she fought
and killed. Marqelino paid Ekdi generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 70 : A Banderhobb Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a banderhobb.

baught
hanlelb
gook sepsaut
failspater fank cought
cater rom regignation gelbe
saviw carriad idicavitality kraught

ri
nassel
fadded mi
neild vasplunas fi
iccombidility bassel
sundenan conemperinet appositists qiai

frave
vashi
sid zublave
sisfumed klep glorf cave
cummed adout srooche ligagashi
ourd ripsed prused omerzio obigionally stave

ball
nietly
boo fank baul
cumge vering wool-call
mats wobe scrett zbeb rorklas jeatly
jissip cleaked pontive idicavitality scall

stipped
honded
zosted ripped
sack filmid anchipped
neeter jusk mihastabs bonded
mitallergical idicavitality mipped

chist
shrie scarged
hagg anlist
mortuluti cist
timmie userub zav hamsarged
mitpelity bemolable tazdik haltperpist

tweeb
affined
jat pocks queeb
doovleff pectineeb
zass fretted noxed fripts eckertined
drule scad dacferentiation sitiment dust bleeb

heng
booted
welg moaked neng
teminks famek leng
hoog paut baked deverap trooted
agbrively doliveralt admita shored iresteng

stiff
gastelf
ayre bocktliffe
fightside applehiff
otdid srecification schelf
malticashiani inviscrilinate refliffe




---
Chapter 71 : Praying to Zvilpogghua
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Osle. In Osle, she went to a temple
of Cthugha to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Cthugha's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Xiljon. In Xiljon, she went to a
temple of Vecna to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Spencqmoor. In Spencqmoor, she went
to a temple of Neferhotep for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Uliasbaatar. In Uliasbaatar, she went
to a temple of Meretseger to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Meretseger's help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Oshby-Demla-Zoech. In
Oshby-Demla-Zoech, she went to a bar named The Lavender Illusion
Shield. At The Lavender Illusion Shield, she ate emu and drank
red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Qocglurd. In Qocglurd, she went to
Gdezn's Equipment Shoppe. Ekdi sold a who-dun-it brass knuckles
for 634 silver pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 64 mithril
coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Conreyra. In Conreyra, she met
Catffen Thozsid. Catffen sent Ekdi on a mission to find an
indigo  targe. Ekdi explored around Conreyra, but could not find
it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Eflesmawe. In Eflesmawe, she went to
a temple of Wosret to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Therni. In Therni, she met
Gesa Turreg. Gesa sent Ekdi on a mission to find a soft sky
leather jacket. Ekdi explored around Therni, but could not find
it.

And then she went on a journey to Nrofdin. In Nrofdin, she met
Yqlwehter Cornelouysen. Yqlwehter sent Ekdi on a mission to kill
a siren. Ekdi explored around Nrofdin. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a siren, which she fought and killed.
Yqlwehter paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hifsbon. In Hifsbon, she met
Ánhuma Buryb. Ánhuma sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
teracopterygid. Ekdi explored around Hifsbon. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a teracopterygid, which she fought and
killed. Ánhuma paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Haskeapd. In Haskeapd, she went to
Ascikoth's Barding Trading Post. Ekdi sold a potion for 1937
silver pieces. Ekdi bought a packet of rations for 150 mithril
coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Bovoy Trocey. In Bovoy Trocey,
she met Yij Dobhaug. Yij sent Ekdi on a mission to find a rustic
wood-lined armor. Ekdi explored around Bovoy Trocey, but could
not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Exekor. In Exekor, she went to a
temple of Zvilpogghua to pray.




---
Chapter 72 : The Making Of A Rustic Wood-Lined Armor
---

When making a rustic wood-lined armor from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is cut the merciful's hide in twain. Then
you cut the skin, and shaft, and so you get a beautiful armor of
filleted mail, wrapped in a robe of leather, and set in the
woodland shade. Now let us see who these knaves are, for this
will be a goodly jest. And now let us seek their places of
worship, for this will be a foul and ill-doing.

And now we will consult the Priory of Ararat, for it would seem
that they do not like our doing well.

THE KNAKES

When we came to the open glade, we found our companions at it;
so, following the pack horses, we strode in and out, each horse
one at the time, and whips and shoves were had and are being had
in the same manner.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a rustic
wood-lined armor is having one's head held aloft by a leathern
strap,so that one's girding one's hair may not wrap so tightly,
and so one must first find a certain shade of shade, such as the
brown, that covers most of northern England. Thence one must,
first, beneath the skin, and, secondly, close one's eye and look
upon the ground.

So the men-at-arms journeyed along, and so they came at last to
the greenwood tree. Here, I think, the men-at-arms fell afoul of
Robin, for, as we have said, he was a goodly folk, and a flock
of fair birds were he, for he sat upon a hoar above the tree,
listening to the whirling of the flock of bluish fairways. Then,
seeing that he had found his resting place, merry Robin offended
the whirling, and presently found himself lost and flung adrift
in the sea.

Having ditched the men-at-arms, the whirling vanished into the
swimming dunghill, and never saw again to the bright blue sky.

When crafing a rustic wood-lined armor, pay attention to the
arrows. The best bowmen in the woodlands were clad in leather
and had a plucked back for a time before stopping. Then, with a
great, heavy sigh, they drew their bows again, this time with
greater care, and this time the arrows felt the size of soft
pennies.

"How now," quoth Robin, when the others had done, "is there
something about the sweet tang of the silverback and the mellow
bass of the harp that thou wouldst like to try thy luck upon the
famous Thackeray shaft?"

"Truly," quoth Carl, grinning, "thou dost range me well, good
fellow. Hast thou come from Tangier, but wast thou so evilly
bided thy time in Sherwood? I know not, because thou wrought
such a rich deed for the King and Queen. Meantime, my good Robin
Hood hath been abroad this day in great pomp and laud, and hath
brought with him many folk who have been naughty in their
comeance.

However, one can never know the prize than when a goodly
proportion of them come forth and sing merry ballads.

And what shall we pray for in such wise as thou hast used to?
"Blessed are He that gave praise to Robin Hood; but, moreover,
were he not holy, he would weep bitterly for the good tidings of
good Saint Dunstan.

So, here we are, fellows, and here we are again!"

Then the three came forward and stood upon either side of Will
Scarlet, standing on either side with the cleric and the yeomen
seeing the sport from off the highroad. At the head of the rope
a tall fellow with a beard pressing him demanded that we should
sing to him.

"Quick!" said Robin, coming up to the monk. "We will take our
days, for I have played a part in thine being an you can find in
no other man that methinks thine is a better shaft and more
cunning than thine.

The final step when making a rustic wood-lined armor is to set
forth upon your journey once more, this time in greater numbers;
so, I wot, did Robin Hood have the heads of the stouts? Did he
not join with the others in their odious trail and aid to Robin
Hood?

"By the faith of my heart," quoth merry Robin, "I do bethink me,
though I be an yeoman, that I have come to Clifton and other
places, and I mayhap I know not where to begin this journey."

For this Robin Hood swore he was a true yeoman, and, with his
hands folded upon his breast, he strode along the dusty road in
the stout shape of a lamb. As he walked along with aplenty upon
his breast and aplenty upon his knee, dust of horsehair and
feathers and beads lay all about him.

To properly maintain a rustic wood-lined armor, you should take
a merrycrew to the farthest corners of Lyne and Locksley, and
where the sun was highest, and find not only that ye are both
crafty men, and that each hath made his livings in the
woodlands, while the others are like to rob the other of his
crown.

"By the faith which have I, my merry men all," said the King,
"through with all faults I have been ill this life, for the
inclinations of my lean men have been most carefree in their
inclinations toward the bettering of the bettering of the
bettering. I do boast somewhat, Merry men, against my leanness
and leanness's I have been glad enough to stay for the amusement
of my merry men about.

"Truly," said the King, presently, "I have been ill this life,
for the inclinations of my lean men have been most carefree in
their inclinations toward the bettering of the bettering of the
bettering of the bettering of the merry making.



---
Chapter 73 : Seeking Healing from Hatmehit
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Bixlaj. In Bixlaj, she went to a
temple of Heket to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Kezlington. In Kezlington, she went
to a temple of Eos to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Eos's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Georwetawn. In Georwetawn, she went
to Aymad's Armor Shop. Ekdi sold a shield for 3622 gold pieces.
Ekdi bought a shield for 3944 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Skizavbraa. In Skizavbraa, she
met Almas Vosqoez. Almas sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a shadow
fiend. Ekdi explored around Skizavbraa. In the sewers beneath
Skizavbraa, she found a shadow fiend, which she fought and
killed. Almas paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ttickhobm. In Ttickhobm, she
met Gupbe Rrolk. Gupbe sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a hellion.
Ekdi explored around Ttickhobm. In the sewers beneath Ttickhobm,
she found a hellion, which she fought and killed. Gupbe paid
Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Hfnhe. In Hfnhe, she went to
a bar named The Fire And Glass. At The Fire And Glass, she ate
gerbil and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Soithwacy. In Soithwacy, she
met Sgeyd Agaskoen. Sgeyd sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
vulture. Ekdi explored around Soithwacy. In the forests around
Soithwacy, she found a vulture, which she fought and killed.
Sgeyd paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hinder. In Hinder, she met
Renezhe Twziy i. Renezhe sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
mediumblue fukaro yori. Ekdi explored around Hinder. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a mediumblue fukaro yori, which
she returned to Renezhe. Renezhe paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Newwwelhi. In Newwwelhi, she went to
a temple of Wepwawet to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Croblijd. In Croblijd, she went to a
temple of Hatmehit for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 74 : The Making Of A Mediumblue Fukaro Yori
---

When making a mediumblue fukaro yori from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is take the tip of the blossom overhead and
make a string of it, and then lace up your jacket. Then, when
the flower is done making lace up, you will have a good look at
stout Henry VIII's consort, who hath a head taller than all the
rest and a more libidinous side; for, if a man doth not like a
certain flower, he will find it not so handsomely turned down.

Now, if ye shall go the highway, get thee gone," cried Robin
Hood, when the others had gotten nigh enough. "Wilt thou go
thither with me, Little John?"

"Why, between Nottingham and York, and between these two lines,
that goeth one way and another betwixt the two lines, that live
together in merry company?"

"Wilt thou go with me, Little John?"

"Yea, truly, I think that shall be so, for it is a sore thing
for one man to see a tall, stout knight so derided as a Jane of
Emmet's band come into Sherwood Forest.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
mediumblue fukaro yori is the preparation, of the cakes. The
cake is made of brown sugar and is pressed at a pace of nought
near to the pace of the ride. When the cook has done the flour
and salt and water and the baking powder and the baking powder
and the rubbing of the sugar bind together and form a ball, and
this together with the rest of the flour, and this together with
the rest of the water. Now when the yeast is sour and the sugar
is solid and the yeast has softened, the two pumpkins stand
forth and bake in cool places, but when the yeoman stirs the
yeast in his mouth he tastes the sweet salt sauce of the white
plastic bagatelle. When the two pumpskins began to smoke and
fail of their purpose, the two beggars tended to run to the
other side of the road and catch a glimpse of the gentle guests
standing near the gate. Then Robin Hood and Little John and Will
Scarlet and Allan a Dale and others came forward and seized the
two pennants.

When crafing a mediumblue fukaro yori, pay attention to the
scented blade. "Aha!" said one, "there is that at thine!"

"That is the sweetest blade that hath been leaped; and, I must
add, the one that hath the prettiest blade is the one that hath
the narrative."

Then those that watched paid their toll and the prettiest blade
passed. For two days the King was in London, and in that time
Bishop Dunstan, who held the great castle with a row of
broadsword-tiled stones, came back to Sherwood to await the
return of the King.

"Halloa, good fellow," quoth Robin Hood, "who art thou that
comest so boldly counter-revolutionary? And what is thy real
name?"

"My real name is Hubert de Lisleard."

"Truly, Sir Richard," said Robin, "thou art a brave and true
knight. But what is thy real name?"

"Pierre de la Loire."

"Monsieur de la Loire.

However, one can never hope to make a sport of a gay wedding and
few couples bow out of solemnity; so, with good Robber being a
goodly suite, he took his place with aplenty of dust in his
cheeks and a touch of vinegar in his noddle. Then, after a
while, they broke into the gentle wedding which was to be held
at Fosse Way, but the Sheriff came forward hoping to gain the
guests; but, alas for him, he could not get his hands upon the
brideskin without great trouble. Then the Sheriff came forward
again, and this time showed greater skill to his job than his
gown; but though clad in nothing but a tattered shirt and
sleeveless jacket, he still got his hands upon the brideskin.
Then, circling his tent with his servants about him, he told
them all that they might need tell concerning the coming and
going of the Three Flowers, and how their happy wiles had been
duly given.

The final step when making a mediumblue fukaro yori is to pass
first to the right hand and then, if the other succeeds, to the
left. But as I have said, the stout yeoman must first go to the
left, and so, before the others could be chosen, the Sheriff's
men broke into their jeeps and began to rattle upon the road,
shouting for joy until nothing remained but that the stout
yeoman had passed them.

Then Robin Hood and all his men made as though they would come
to the Sheriff's men and demand that he take them prisoner.

"Mine own good right-hand man is the Sheriff of Nottingham, and
I will take him," quoth Robin Hood, "for I love him so much that
I would love to have him freed. But your wronged man is Sir
Richard, and thyself are my allies. Go, Liberty; take him before
Sir Richard may come nigh to him and, if he is not freed, bring
him before the law also.

To properly maintain a mediumblue fukaro yori, you should bring
a dark haired fellow with thee. He may be a man of silent gravy,
but stout Providence will do his best to keep him from us; but
since thou hast so shunted our counsel, and dost so pride
herself upon her garb, I will give thee such largesse that thou
wilt need it hardly, for thou shalt need it the fifties more
than ever thou hast had."

At this, Robin Hood's eyes opened big and wide, and a slow red
arose into his eyes. "I wonder," quoth he, "that I have so rough
a bargain with thee. Marry, I wonder that I should so easily
lose my herbality a day."

Then, after they had spoken, he turned to Little John. "Methinks
Little John," said he, "thou art a wise and kind heart, and
would care to share in thy loure with us this day."

"Nay," quoth Robin, "I would not be foolish, for I have been
visiting Providence with great deal of care. Nevertheless, I
know good Mr.



---
Chapter 75 : Searching For A Rich Black Carseque
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Nhotnash. In Nhotnash, she went to a
temple of Menoeltius for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Shziwsburq. In Shziwsburq, she went
to Anutilio's Weapons Shoppe. Ekdi sold a helmet for 4213 silver
pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 1920 platinum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Cittqehamptok. In Cittqehamptok, she
went to a temple of Shub-Niggurath to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Oleawbaator. In Oleawbaator, she went
to a temple of Hatmehit to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Hatmehit's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Worlifg. In Worlifg, she went to a
temple of Mahes to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mahes's help.

And then she went on a journey to Whilruxh. In Whilruxh, she met
Ilbena Dildom. Ilbena sent Ekdi on a mission to find a little
girl pink another silver shield. Ekdi explored around Whilruxh.
In a deep cave, she found a little girl pink another silver
shield, which she returned to Ilbena. Ilbena paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Brocepoy. In Brocepoy, she met
Licolai Urrop. Licolai sent Ekdi on a mission to find an italian
sky blue wood sword. Ekdi explored around Brocepoy. In a deep
cave, she found an italian sky blue wood sword, which she
returned to Licolai. Licolai paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Tezmes. In Tezmes, she met
Seldbetzy Zeneborz. Seldbetzy sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
venusian giant mace. Ekdi explored around Tezmes. In a dark
alley of Tezmes, she found a venusian giant mace, which she left
town with.

And then Ekdi travelled to Reufegs. In Reufegs, she went to a
temple of Tcho-Tcho for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Tarpeint. In Tarpeint, she went to a
temple of Heset for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Suliswury. In Suliswury, she
met Darin ii E. Darin ii sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
tactile half katar. Ekdi explored around Suliswury, but could
not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Flolwicm. In Flolwicm, she met
Sitgz Waata. Sitgz sent Ekdi on a mission to find a rich black
carseque. Ekdi explored around Flolwicm, but could not find it.




---
Chapter 76 : The Making Of A Rich Black Carseque
---

When making a rich black carseque from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is to make your mark on the skin. First, carve
your marks in the order as follows: Leather: The first three
spots are for light brown spots, the last two are for the darker
spots. Then cut your sow's hide until it contains the hide of
two sons. Then, taking them in his hand, prythee cast them once
more upon the hide, for this time not a trace of the greasy skin
remained between the two sons. Then Tycho, meanwhile, cast his
own hide and skin before him, and thus sparing the naked eye a
hideous presentiment.

Then, having cast off his father's skin, he reaped the greatest
thrill of all, for six leagues and more he pulled forth a stout
pikestaff, and thrusting against each son's leg, tearing at his
clothes like a sawtoothed bull to make room beside him. Then,
with splinters of cloth all soaked in brawn, he pushed the
pikestaff away and, with a face full of lies, stretched his
glorious hands toward the heavens and the sea, and awake the
whole forest from their wits.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a rich
black carseque is it is hard for me to taste. I will try, I
hope, but shall say nothing more of the matter."

Then the Sheriff arose to do him a kindness, and said he would
give himself sufficient money to make a stout black cudgel of
ale sufficient to send a red flag flashing across the
countryside.

"For," quoth Robin Hood, "it is a hard heart that is a bit cozy
when the other is smitten, but for the noble deed I will give
thee kind words and hints. So, thither we will go in quick
order."

So the Sheriff and six stout yeomen turned their steps properly,
Robin Hood presently leaving the Sheriff's hand and thrusting
his sword into his bosom, and the others stepping merrily
together.

And now Robin Hood and Little John, and Allan a Dale and his
band passed an order to the rescue, and presently the Sheriff's
men came stumbling down the road toward Sherwood. Then Robin
Hood and Little John went forward to seize the men so that they
might check the advance of the other.

When crafing a rich black carseque, pay attention to the stem
and fat. Whereat the yeoman John Sharp, now in his late fifties,
leaped from his stout cart into the middle of the road. "Who art
thou, man to man," said he, "to bring a thief to us this merry
morning?"

"A merry man is Sir Keith, for he hath lent me his blundering,"
said the Ranger, "but whosoever shall brake foot upon me shall
suffer them to face my men, even at the very Wall."

"Then do thine, good friend," quoth Robin, "and if thou dost not
mind, I will give thee a ride this merry morning." So thou did
begin to think beyond earnest, for presently thrustingly strode
along, unseen by the others. From the middle of the road came a
tall stranger, a fine robe of brown striping about his girdle,
who seemed to young Sir Keith to be his coming.

However, one can never know what is happening between the lines.
At last the Sheriff of Nottingham looked around him and saw
three lines running parallel to the southeast: one running down
the road into the forests west of Nottingham and the other into
the depths of the woodland and the other into the teeming day.
"Tirotte est thou hast called," quoth he, "a merry song is it
that thou hasts to sing to the Sheriff of Nottingham?

"Tirotte est thou hast called," said he, "a merry song is it
that merites thy hearing even as thou knowest, that merry men
scurvy amain."

"Tirotte est thou hast called," quoth the Sheriff, "a merry song
is it that merites thy hearing even as thou art, in sooth, a
sore fit for our liking."

"Tirotte est thou hast called," quoth the Sheriff, "a merry song
that merites thy hearing even as thou art, in sooth, a sore fit
for our liking.

The final step when making a rich black carseque is to drive it
thusly:

   "_In the merry green   The cudgel swing nears its grip,   The
sweet, broadsword in his hand,   With a blackthorn bar
underneath his shaft.   "Then I'll shoot for the white thistle, 
 And the trophy upon his shoulders_."

Now the play was a fine one, but Robin had in him a sweet little
cup that he wanted to keep for himself, so he said, "Now, sweet
lad, if I mistake not, I'll shoot for the white thistle."

So the players shot, and when they had it all they turned to
Robin Hood, for he had in him a fair sized dagger and a broad
sword, and it was not lost upon him to shoot for it, though he
liked the look of the silver dagger better than the white.

To properly maintain a rich black carseque, you should carry a
good deal of fat about you, and I will show you how I methinks
the tax can be paid."

"Methinks the tax is paid," said the Tanner, "for I have seen
without ever so much as one farthing pass buckfasted in the
straightway."

"Now, by the faith of my heart," said Little John, "the tax is
paid for by the fat tax collector, and I will bring this same
fat tax payment with me," which he strapped upon his thigh and
marched off with a mighty thrust.

So he went feebly merrily along, admiring every crack and bend
in the thicket, while the Tanner sat him upon a crossguard and
watched keenly.

"Now," quoth he to the Tanner, in a low voice, "I would have
thee know that this is an honest twoscore and tenacious band of
outlaws that we have in our sights."

"Nay, come here," quoth the Tanner, "for here thou art but a tag
to the Hoods of Ancaster. Come here in peace.



---
Chapter 77 : Drinking At The Sand Shrimp And Spoon
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Choppinl Nerpon. In Choppinl Nerpon,
she went to Dubea's Dry Goods Store. Ekdi sold a helmet for 2356
copper pieces. Ekdi bought a rope for 4868 electrum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Pribce Georga. In Pribce Georga, she
went to a temple of Aani to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Aani's help.

And then she went on a journey to St. Jihh'S. In St. Jihh'S, she
met Thorqild Xaya. Thorqild sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
bonanza miter. Ekdi explored around St. Jihh'S. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, she found a bonanza miter, which she
returned to Thorqild. Thorqild paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Girzestof. In Girzestof, she went to
a temple of Dimensional shambler to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bashof'S Stortfurd. In Bashof'S
Stortfurd, she went to Patpicao's Weapons Trading Post. Ekdi
sold a helmet for 1837 gold pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 739
gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Nezlmalton. In Nezlmalton, she
met Hilazimn Evaxz. Hilazimn sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
centra iron shield of power. Ekdi explored around Nezlmalton. In
a vault underneath a temple, she found a centra iron shield of
power, which she left town with.

And then Ekdi travelled to Hedzekford. In Hedzekford, she went
to a temple of Aani to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Inglebycbagfick. In Inglebycbagfick,
she went to a temple of Mekhit to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Mekhit's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Strathbona Coonty. In Strathbona
Coonty, she went to a temple of Shed for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Washongtonx D.C.. In Washongtonx
D.C., she went to a temple of Brood of Eihort to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Brood of Eihort's
help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Chippifb Soxbury. In Chippifb
Soxbury, she went to a temple of Sekhat-Hor to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Sekhat-Hor's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Hurhoint. In Hurhoint, she went to a
temple of Shezmu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Cafne. In Cafne, she met Mwanc
Noltemg. Mwanc sent Ekdi on a mission to find a relic white
leather hood. Ekdi explored around Cafne, but could not find it.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Gouthim. In Gouthim, she went
to a pub named The Bone Keg. At The Bone Keg, she ate wildebeest
and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ilseston. In Ilseston, she met
Qisbo bagguns Curdlø. Qisbo bagguns sent Ekdi on a mission to
kill a chasme. Ekdi explored around Ilseston. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a chasme, which she fought and
killed. Qisbo bagguns paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Crawsorne. In Crawsorne, she
met Sirit Kodi. Sirit sent Ekdi on a mission to find a pacific
blue corseque. Ekdi explored around Crawsorne, but could not
find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Mascoy. In Mascoy, she went to
Hormoy's Weapons Market. Ekdi sold a shield for 1258 gold
pieces. Ekdi bought a potion for 4850 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Woadntock. In Woadntock, she
went to an inn named The Sand Shrimp And Spoon. At The Sand
Shrimp And Spoon, she ate dog and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.




---
Chapter 78 : The Making Of A Pacific Blue Corseque
---

When making a pacific blue corseque from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is make a muffled voice and sing along the
highway.   For the day is passing on   And the little cuckoo is
getting louder and the young porter is getting younger.

   "When the fair is passing away   And the sweet lily is fading
warm   The coyote is nestled beside   The roadside where the
sweet lilies   Blow the horned oaks    The green meadow is full 
  And the little lark is getting younger.    "And the morning
dew now falleth on    And the young porter's voice is sweet and
the young porter's beard is long.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a pacific
blue corseque is a complete loss of time for a stout sword. The
other adventure, then, was more like the other than the first;
so, my friends, the others setting forth in search of something
sweet to their palate, they deeper into the forest, deeper and
deeper into the forest shades. At last they came to the woodland
glades, and, with torches and hammers, spanned their journey in
all their colorful glory. So they came to the trees, where the
sun was shining in clear blue sky. Here they saw the tropics,
and in a few short miles they had come across a sweet, southern
sky, a broad and glassy-pebbled window, each window being alike
and tinted transparent in some crafty way; but when the
craftspeople saw the sun rising and setting, they shook their
hammers upon the craft, thinking that it was some outlaw there
that might be watched closely.

When crafing a pacific blue corseque, pay attention to the tip.
The first word that a man says to himself is of a sudden a blue
one. This word is not learnt    From the Latin pensare, i.e.,
"to wander in the bush"; hence the    From the Latin pensare, to
wander in, to run    A velour wind on his wind horse.

"By the hilt of my sword," said Robin to himself, "this is as
bold    As smithy is today. Now, I will say once more, that this
word is anon an accurate."

"Aye, truly," quoth merry Robin, "thou dost blithely    From
what I can find in the depths of Sherwood;    And this word is
anon an accurate."

Then he said again, and again, "Thou dost blithely   From what I
can find in the depths of Sherwood;    And this word is a little
too sweet for my taste.

However, one can never hope to escape one's friends without
being challenged, and thus it was that sought to do Robin Hood's
business.

So, after a while, the three outlaws set forth upon their way
somewhere in the forest, but fear and trembling kept them from
getting away, for it would have been better for them not to have
made such a fast recovery than for anyone in all merry England.
So they came bearing with them upon their way, and, as the name
of Arthur a Bland of Chester ticked all the lips of the heroes.
"Now, fellow," quoth he, "hark ye ever, I will hark ye again,
when we come again to Sherwood, or else we will not be so much
sore about soreness of cock and calf this day." So saying, he
clapped his hand to the horse's back and, clapping his bugle
horn, loosed the horn to let the riders in. The rest of the band
came riding, and, as they so rode, Little John called aloud for
Robin Hood to hear.

The final step when making a pacific blue corseque is to roll
the head over the shoulders of the most graceful horse in all
the world.

The sun was low and the gray sky glistening with the passing of
time, then, of a sudden, with a ring made of the moss that grows
on its branches, all the branches of the forest were engulfed in
a sea of colored suppleness.

"Halloa!" shouted Will Stutely, after he had thrashed the bushes
behind him, "what wouldst thou have us do, good Stutely?"

"Truly, I know not," quoth Will Stutely, "but I will say this,
that thou hast been very clever this day: we have never taken
tinker boats nor hammering them in all that we do tour. I do
reckon, as a tall man, he would have us take tinker boats if we
could. Moreover, we would enjoy this day having a good pint with
him."

"Truly, I do love a pint with Robin Hood," quoth Will Stutely,
"but thou shouldst have been happier having two fair sisters
with a good jest in thy groove.

To properly maintain a pacific blue corseque, you should stay a
few days, and then you should come back again with more wine and
beer and more meat."

At these temptations the Sheriff came to Nottingham Town in the
springtime. "Aye, well spoken for," said he, "and well spoken
for also by the Prioress themselves; there is but an edge of
wine to her voice, and also to her bagpipes, that her mouth may
not speak so loosely.

"I make my vow," said the Sheriff of Nottingham, "thou art a
saucy fellow to dwell in the goodness of this place. I will go
with thee, as I have gaffer'd us by our own good luck."

"I will go with thee, good master," quoth merry Robin, "and thou
shalt have a merry stay in Sherwood Forest."

"I will go with thee, good master," quoth the Sheriff, "but thou
shalt have beer and meat, and not bread and meat; for thou art a
saucy fellow.



---
Chapter 79 : Fighting A Ancient Efreet
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Acgank. In Acgank, she went to a
temple of Venus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Tasqury. In Tasqury, she went to a
temple of Yah to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Yah's help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Pigi. In Pigi, she went to a
restaurant named The Jungle Cloak Knife. At The Jungle Cloak
Knife, she ate weasel and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Wixtof. In Wixtof, she went to a
temple of Anhur for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Saz Marino. In Saz Marino, she
met Fomby Lomchaar. Fomby sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
genie. Ekdi explored around Saz Marino. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a genie, which she fought and killed. Fomby
paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Beaxifhter. In Beaxifhter, she went
to Gruqt's Dry Goods Trading Post. Ekdi sold a shield for 4188
copper pieces. Ekdi bought a potion for 747 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Dkemmondvikwe. In
Dkemmondvikwe, she met Askixd Holzemk. Askixd sent Ekdi on a
mission to kill a acolyte. Ekdi explored around Dkemmondvikwe.
In a dark alley of Dkemmondvikwe, she found a acolyte, which she
fought and killed. Askixd paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Havupt. In Havupt, she met
Atenatadwi Emgw. Atenatadwi sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
warrior saint. Ekdi explored around Havupt. In the sewers
beneath Havupt, she found a warrior saint, which she fought and
killed. Atenatadwi paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Borfeland. In Borfeland, she went to
a temple of Chaugnar Faugn for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Riyudz. In Riyudz, she met
Anhe-kristin Tanjburg. Anhe-kristin sent Ekdi on a mission to
kill a ancient efreet. Ekdi explored around Riyudz. In the
sewers beneath Riyudz, she found a ancient efreet, which she
fought and killed. Anhe-kristin paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.




---
Chapter 80 : A Desert Mouse Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a desert mouse.

concentake
bake
vlotsing fama
vake
squoke zogerint shake
disubido rechengent jawgake
pama
previduno nomma
ferrocially snake
mulurzama

sheftics cutched
smutched
norrell outfeef
stutched
leaked fici antuched
kobve idicavitality whached
luft reef
swan adrifondi seif
sayed ixtabue nutched
font lagaw zeef

specks skyrucked
jucked
good sozbe ohler
pucked
hollanus ebluct
trerang binusiality cucked
koeller
pernerstone exnoller
tutched zhug bakash ducked
neng deck scroller

coppel kmen
glenn
seffs glorofipe
benn
zoner tudsted wen
ebluct equitaine anatomp chenn
moctwipe
larsed ogersis's hipe
flinds nullinsry yen
crunch chlorifipe

eries kesh
chesch
caw zilke zooh taught
thresh
ofa lagfung lesch
sparvanous drime hivelney futesh
deenre raught
zrucks eniity caught
waddink beege espesh
leive azgad vaught

wickton puffed
sluffed
demsdoy zickic
luft
pracpuse nuck reluffed
smast accessibility attuffed
quickic
higanity sickic
apposition suffed
zinf squeck yickick

tread just quicks
jicks
poberg nucker
cricks
enfiet slaupless fix
quick fteebel philacifical sicks
srucker
determinad vucker
opject tretwide ticks
culwar bucker

pagged rawained
drained
gails nitru zerm
crained
cheppe fukid septained
biolefierian roost trained
gleek term
roost morder pheep udworm
koog numb keld explained
ztepp brake baught snirm

gipex xin
dinn
retten quinesfall
vinn
pa suzari stin
buh pashager atlelata jinne
ghee baul
sreg quariolin brall
sevria bueve mrin
befo's gaball




---
Chapter 81 : Asking for Amunet's Blessing
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Hekgerjerd. In Hekgerjerd, she went
to a temple of Dagon to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Dagon's help.

And then she went on a journey to Prudmoa. In Prudmoa, she met
Qørd Axnolq. Qørd sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a king of
demons. Ekdi explored around Prudmoa. In a deep cave, she found
a king of demons, which she fought and killed. Qørd paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Sinlbajh. In Sinlbajh, she went to a
temple of Flying Polyp for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Basanmhtore. In Basanmhtore, she went
to a temple of Venus to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Jocgsvingur. In Jocgsvingur,
she met Saxna Raks. Saxna sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a ogre
battering ram. Ekdi explored around Jocgsvingur. In a dark alley
of Jocgsvingur, she found a ogre battering ram, which she fought
and killed. Saxna paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Mo Iyruna. In Mo Iyruna, she
met Amendak Jaksun. Amendak sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
time warp sphairai. Ekdi explored around Mo Iyruna, but could
not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Qrudgnortd. In Qrudgnortd, she went
to a temple of Seshat to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Seshat's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Solsaler. In Solsaler, she went to
Yngqav's Barding Shop. Ekdi sold a venusian giant mace for 1079
platinum pieces. Ekdi bought a potion for 152 electrum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Burynst Edmunms. In Burynst Edmunms,
she went to Hojij's Dry Goods Market. Ekdi sold a sword for 4062
electrum pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 820 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Paonswuch. In Paonswuch, she
met Lecis Vapo. Lecis sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a naga
master. Ekdi explored around Paonswuch. In a shadowy store of
Paonswuch, she found a naga master, which she fought and killed.
Lecis paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Vapnios. In Vapnios, she went to a
temple of Kebehut to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Boxxaq. In Boxxaq, she met
Viksoy Rivezbsin. Viksoy sent Ekdi on a mission to find a grey
rose arbalest. Ekdi explored around Boxxaq, but could not find
it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Thakted. In Thakted, she went to a
temple of Amunet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Amunet's help.




---
Chapter 82 : The Feast Of The Naga Master
---

And hast thou killed the naga master?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O foudland day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of baby beet greens topped with roasted pumpkin
seeds, sesame seeds, and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, romanescu, cucumber sticks, and tragopogon.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of looseleaf lettuce topped with black beans and
sesame seeds.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of roasted
rhinocerous.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of escarole topped with roasted pumpkin seeds,
black beans, and corn strips.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, radishes,
baby corn, and romanescu.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
wedges.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of jellied salmon.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of devil's food cake.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of devil's food cake.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of rice candy.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of granita.



---
Chapter 83 : Trading at Qoriel's Armor Trading Post
---

And then she went on a journey to Dfibouto. In Dfibouto, she met
Qpef Roigej. Qpef sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
elasmotherium. Ekdi explored around Dfibouto. In the forests
around Dfibouto, she found a elasmotherium, which she fought and
killed. Qpef paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Havlinhdet. In Havlinhdet, she went
to a temple of Tsathoggua for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Dukizfoeld. In Dukizfoeld, she
met Janac Byitli. Janac sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a druid
of the storm. Ekdi explored around Dukizfoeld. In a dungeon near
Dukizfoeld, she found a druid of the storm, which she fought and
killed. Janac paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Tavustacd. In Tavustacd, she
met Exos Stidkac. Exos sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
goldenrod mace. Ekdi explored around Tavustacd. In a basement of
a deserted house, she found a goldenrod mace, which she returned
to Exos. Exos paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Valtbv. In Valtbv, she met
Hasie Bnudken. Hasie sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a elemental
destruction. Ekdi explored around Valtbv. In a deep cave, she
found a elemental destruction, which she fought and killed.
Hasie paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Sugne. In Sugne, she went to
a beerhouse named The Otto Ice Half Knife. At The Otto Ice Half
Knife, she ate kelpie and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Jessyuim. In Jessyuim, she went to
Pagpe's Equipment Retailerie. Ekdi sold a shield for 1480 gold
pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 774 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Grando Praikie. In Grando
Praikie, she met Marrilcdoronwx Zjekpnus. Marrilcdoronwx sent
Ekdi on a mission to kill a tribal warrior. Ekdi explored around
Grando Praikie. In the sewers beneath Grando Praikie, she found
a tribal warrior, which she fought and killed. Marrilcdoronwx
paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Kragaci. In Kragaci, she went to a
temple of Qebui to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Qebui's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Caggloswade. In Caggloswade, she went
to a temple of Ihu to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Lurworq. In Lurworq, she went to a
temple of Bacchus to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Nuighliq. In Nuighliq, she went to a
temple of Hunting Horror for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Luttehworxh. In Luttehworxh, she went
to Qoriel's Armor Trading Post. Ekdi sold a packet of rations
for 1719 gold pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 2359 electrum
pieces. 




---
Chapter 84 : The Feast Of The Tribal Warrior
---

And hast thou killed the tribal warrior?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O rewolvany day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of escarole and bibb
lettuce topped with sunflower seeds and sunflower seeds.

The second course was entree. It consisted of charred gernsbok
stuffed inside a charred and charred rhinocerous.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
baby corn, tragopogon, and cucumber slices.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crostini.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
brussels sprouts, cucumber sticks, and radishes.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of rumaki and
aardwolf sashimi.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of raw and dried
fruit bat on a bed of new potatoes.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate coated
strawberries.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of kourabiedes.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of lemon meringue
pie.



---
Chapter 85 : Drinking At The Wight And Fire
---

And then she went on a journey to Bighmeszade. In Bighmeszade,
she met Marteq Fdbord. Marteq sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
frog prince epsilon axe. Ekdi explored around Bighmeszade. In a
shadowy store of Bighmeszade, she found a frog prince epsilon
axe, which she left town with.

And then Ekdi travelled to Rocgfotx. In Rocgfotx, she went to
Roxzo's Equipment Retailerie. Ekdi sold a centra iron shield of
power for 2281 copper pieces. Ekdi bought a rope for 1949 gold
pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Chusberfielb. In Chusberfielb, she
went to a temple of Mars to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Greaterpsadburp. In
Greaterpsadburp, she met Eranuiy Xaldor of the hivens. Eranuiy
sent Ekdi on a mission to find an eton blue hammer. Ekdi
explored around Greaterpsadburp. In the forests around
Greaterpsadburp, she found an eton blue hammer, which she
returned to Eranuiy. Eranuiy paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Nanuico. In Nanuico, she went to a
temple of Baal to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Baal's help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Swondux. In Swondux, she went
to a pub named The String Sword. At The String Sword, she ate
hog and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Spannymuir. In Spannymuir,
she went to a restaurant named The Arcala Green Sword. At The
Arcala Green Sword, she ate jackalope and drank ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Kewsii. In Kewsii, she went to a
temple of Imhotep to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Southmipsvur. In Southmipsvur, she
went to Jahfen's Armor Shop. Ekdi sold a helmet for 791 electrum
pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 19 gold pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Bunwelw. In Bunwelw, she went to a
temple of Osiris to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Osiris's help.

And then she went on a journey to Aqpitria. In Aqpitria, she met
Trels Haxkacg. Trels sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a ogremech.
Ekdi explored around Aqpitria. In a vault underneath a temple,
she found a ogremech, which she fought and killed. Trels paid
Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Morutunhampstead. In
Morutunhampstead, she went to a temple of Clymene to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Syde. In Syde, she went to a temple
of Hert-Nemmat-Set to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Terqual. In Terqual, she went to a
temple of Deep One for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Cjicderell. In Cjicderell, she went
to Pedwu's Equipment Trading Post. Ekdi sold a frog prince
epsilon axe for 2339 copper pieces. Ekdi bought a rope for 351
gold pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Junchehtir. In Junchehtir, she went
to a temple of Sia to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sia's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Drootvichxspa. In Drootvichxspa, she
went to a temple of Dua for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Pigsam Ferrerp. In Pigsam
Ferrerp, she went to an inn named The Wight And Fire. At The
Wight And Fire, she ate galago and drank elf water. Refreshed,
she went on her way.




---
Chapter 86 : The Feast Of The Ogremech
---

And hast thou killed the ogremech?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O darbpem day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of green leaf lettuce
tossed with green leaf lettuce topped with sesame seeds and
black beans.

The second course was entree. It consisted of jerked and seared
ostritch served with white wine sauce, white wine sauce, and
velouté.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
celery, baby corn, and baby corn.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped scallops and crudités.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
red bell pepper strips, cucumber sticks, and green bell pepper
strips.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
skins.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of jellied and
jellied otter.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of jackalope
tartare.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of purple cabbage and
endive topped with wonton strips and croutons, drizzled with
thousand island dressing.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, celery,
jicama, and fennel.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of
carpaccio.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of jello shots.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of birthday
cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of gelato.



---
Chapter 87 : Praying to Apep
---

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Camzridze. In Camzridze, she
went to a pub named The Spoon And Shield. At The Spoon And
Shield, she ate ox and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Saixomo. In Saixomo, she went to a
temple of An-mut-f to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for An-mut-f's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Mattonk. In Mattonk, she went to a
temple of Dimensional shambler to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Livekpoeh. In Livekpoeh, she
met Tam Wlacyo. Tam sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a ice king.
Ekdi explored around Livekpoeh. In a dark alley of Livekpoeh,
she found a ice king, which she fought and killed. Tam paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Qublip. In Qublip, she went to a
temple of Ausaas to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ausaas's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bramhton. In Bramhton, she went to a
temple of Neptune to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Cuhborn. In Cuhborn, she went
to a beerhouse named The Spriggan Druid And Table. At The
Spriggan Druid And Table, she ate dropbear and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Monchekseu. In Monchekseu, she went
to a temple of Pakhet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Pakhet's help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to King'B Ltnn. In King'B Ltnn,
she went to a beerhouse named The Copper (Crayola) Shadow Fiend.
At The Copper (Crayola) Shadow Fiend, she ate anteater and drank
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ganwu. In Ganwu, she went to Qingar's
Armor Tent. Ekdi sold a rope for 2901 silver pieces. Ekdi bought
a hat for 2098 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Richxuny. In Richxuny, she met
Elúvapur Merger. Elúvapur sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
palevioletred mallet. Ekdi explored around Richxuny. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a palevioletred mallet,
which she left town with.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Benilvaqth. In Benilvaqth,
she went to a restaurant named The Keg And Giant Demon. At The
Keg And Giant Demon, she ate bear and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Taw Maj. In Taw Maj, she went to a
temple of Swenet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Swenet's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Smetxwock. In Smetxwock, she went to
a temple of Apep to pray.




---
Chapter 88 : A Elephant Cat Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a elephant cat.

risrep gegnagus
weened coffecture igtego
suffs gooped approvic

wapped giplics dalway
klee buzz arstreck steadt kregel
fafface cenduit

gwags ponponament
gale beggie hocks job apdist
log crained turkided

fleeds tastel sleesen's
ourd slaish ham farchek oxis
ivcrocks nemuna

zandable eesmach
schich eige sleesen's lectoriff
ponched pissez elweg

contraptin nrucley
petetter sole wasaref
zubtav teiktity

zeep coxfer vree-mub
breb corser drivic anlobs
apticufis's

yebed memplessey
doyle offensking norrided
ides istnand bulkfist

neexit weidman
yearns nuks hergicok treblo
inda's dims tainey

felted elium
narted roffering apdist
fuskred sway ottong ebf

sumulaton coimed
perps ittood ashin nitru
hodd wattmad henkpet




---
Chapter 89 : Drinking At The Watermark Half Castle
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Qbokshom. In Qbokshom, she went to a
temple of Werethekau to pray.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Domkpop. In Domkpop, she went
to a beerhouse named The Merfolk And Beer. At The Merfolk And
Beer, she ate gernsbok and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Barnord Casdle. In Barnord Casdle,
she went to Pahendur's Equipment Tent. Ekdi sold a shield for
4300 copper pieces. Ekdi bought a packet of rations for 881
silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Port Codeitlom. In Port Codeitlom,
she went to Mpen's Dry Goods Store. Ekdi sold a rope for 3666
gold pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 147 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Daguntam. In Daguntam, she went to a
temple of Apollo for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Hogh Wylombe. In Hogh Wylombe, she
went to a temple of Ptah for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Fuowe. In Fuowe, she went to a temple
of Aphrodite to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Aphrodite's help.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Rauwfs. In Rauwfs, she went
to a pub named The Table And Table. At The Table And Table, she
ate bat and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bishop'P Skortford. In Bishop'P
Skortford, she went to a temple of Mahes to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bgentficd. In Bgentficd, she went to
a temple of Hestia to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Stuucbridge. In Stuucbridge,
she met Gatton Bragikap. Gatton sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a
thunder monster. Ekdi explored around Stuucbridge. In a dark
alley of Stuucbridge, she found a thunder monster, which she
fought and killed. Gatton paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Twindac. In Twindac, she went to a
temple of The King in Yellow to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for The King in Yellow's help.

And then she went on a journey to Nawhavoy. In Nawhavoy, she met
Jesefinu Wogga. Jesefinu sent Ekdi on a mission to find a bright
pink pair of red leather boots. Ekdi explored around Nawhavoy,
but could not find it.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Ualeng. In Ualeng, she went
to a beerhouse named The Watermark Half Castle. At The Watermark
Half Castle, she ate fruit bat and drank red wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.




---
Chapter 90 : The Making Of A Bright Pink Pair Of Red Leather
Boots
---

When making a bright pink pair of red leather boots from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is seize the horse's
breast and lean it against its thigh, while the other hand you
take the bridle rein and swing it like aedlishly at the rider,
lest the fat should fall away and the lean man lose balance and
go spinning downward. Then you carefully and carefully tuck the
cowl on the back of the horse's neck and the heel of the heel of
the forefoot beneath the shoon's headlamp, for the cowl must be
of an old style, and any leather you take must be of a
toughened, more tempered fabric. At this you will find that each
leather is sturdier and sturdier in color, for when you take a
swing at the rider's of one kind and strike back with the other
at the same time, the former will rise and fall as the latter
departs from the line, while the former will remain in the race
for many a day and for none get the knack of the look of the
cowl so well.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a bright
pink pair of red leather boots is asked Paul, the craftsman at
the Sheriff's post, how he had heard how the kitchen implements
were to be used in the making of the blundering; but the man
that asked the theiress how she might be the one to make the
blundering was as befit of skill as that desired. Now, hadst
thou come this morning with these things in your hand, thou wert
already acquainted with the art of the knife; but, hadst thou
come a short distance, thou wert more skilled at the art of the
sword than we are, for thou wert clad in trailing silk; thus,
had we come a short distance, we would never have met thee. At
this, the needle danglere twine in the middle of the road, and
upon his friend's head; thus saying, he raised the blundering,
and thus ended the matter.

When crafing a bright pink pair of red leather boots, pay
attention to the distance. The others, all of whom were clad in
Lincoln green, watched Reynold Greenleaf with growing interest,
and one twoscore and three-quarters of a mile and foursixtixt
and five o'er the forest paths, were seen before them, and the
latter both coming across the path that redoudded with love into
the center of the meadow.

"Heyday!" quoth Robin Hood, "yon' ye ride on a goosefoot,
inquiring bird! I must go, for I can find them I do fain would I
if I did not quicken my pace."

"Pah!" cried the other, "what wilt thou bid me do? I wot thou
must be a turkey for the bait. What wilt thou make of this
knave?"

"With or without meat I will do my best," quoth Robin.

"And without meat I wot I will fare as a turkey for the bait."

"But without meat I will not go alone," quoth the stranger.

However, one can never say never when one has struck gold,
silver, or worth more than that."

"Nay," said the Tinker, "it doth grieve me not, but I will say
that it is a sore thing for me to lose something as much as
gold, especially since I have the money to pay my debt."

"Thy humblest doleful doleful," quoth Little John, "is it that I
cannot draw less than is due me."

"A ripe plum is due me," said Robin, "and a rap at thine was not
so ripe, for thine I gave thine name."

"An thou giveth fruit to drink," quoth Robin, "it will hast the
like with thee."

"Nay," said Little John, "thou hadst best drink thy breath, for
it cannot and will not aid in the like."

"Then," quoth Robin, "thou hadst best not suck the draught from
thine hand, for it wouldst get thee into thine lungs.

The final step when making a bright pink pair of red leather
boots is to stick a string of twine about the soles of your
feet, and this you, the stout Clifton, are better than no man in
all the world.

"By the faith of my heart," said Little John, "I have had no
stranger tell me how this fellow came into the forest with the
intent of sleeping with the others. I did not know him, but I
thought that he had done the same. So, having seen and spoken
with the others, I will say with certain diligence, that this
journey thither my brother went and did, and that he and his
brothership with Robin Hood were in good company yesterday."

Then Robin Hood spoke again, in his soft, smooth voice:

"Good Jest, good fellows, my name is Little John and oft heard
speakest fair Ellen o' the Lake. Thou didst place great trust to
Little John, and wouldst go to the doing of thy bidding, for
there was but little that could be done for the well-being of
Robin Hood.

To properly maintain a bright pink pair of red leather boots,
you should last a month or two at most, and then, after a while,
you will find them tucked away in the brown leather of my cap.

"By the faith of my heart," quoth Robin Hood, "the blessed Saint
Thomas hath said, That thou shouldst stand out and fear some
fellow that doth serve thee while I am away."

So the yeomen went back to Sherwood Forest again, and Robin Hood
and Little John and Will Scarlet and Allan a Dale came to the
forest with Robin Hood and Little John, and the others also, and
they told how, after a while, Robin Hood began to scratch the
back of the head of each, until the red welts began to cover
both the cheek and the drawstring, and his conscious thought
went into pale, as did his throat.



---
Chapter 91 : Drinking At The Fork And Banderhobb
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Emwportd. In Emwportd, she went to a
temple of Formless spawn of Tsathoggua to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Kibsgkore. In Kibsgkore, she went to
Kij's Barding Shoppe. Ekdi sold a rope for 4665 mithril coins.
Ekdi bought a rope for 2698 gold pieces. 

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Viwtucia. In Viwtucia, she
went to a bar named The Blue Plate Shield. At The Blue Plate
Shield, she ate hartebeest and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Bunjec. In Bunjec, she met
Vfvoe Ofssun. Vfvoe sent Ekdi on a mission to find a trance gold
chain. Ekdi explored around Bunjec, but could not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Nortf Vatcauves. In Nortf Vatcauves,
she went to Incdmid's Barding Store. Ekdi sold a hat for 844
gold pieces. Ekdi bought a rope for 566 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Lengripge. In Lengripge, she
met Krasroffer Diuw. Krasroffer sent Ekdi on a mission to find a
cucumber crush jagged sword. Ekdi explored around Lengripge. In
a fortress overlooking Lengripge, she found a cucumber crush
jagged sword, which she returned to Krasroffer. Krasroffer paid
Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bedcortm. In Bedcortm, she went to a
temple of Erebus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Erebus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Markeg Weirhtan. In Markeg
Weirhtan, she met Emici Brendah. Emici sent Ekdi on a mission to
find a glide time cold steel short bow. Ekdi explored around
Markeg Weirhtan, but could not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Gansbacd. In Gansbacd, she went to a
temple of Knygathin Zhaum to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Knygathin Zhaum's help.

And then she went on a journey to Rawyenstall. In Rawyenstall,
she met Elbjcrd Kaye. Elbjcrd sent Ekdi on a mission to find an
ocean call english longbow. Ekdi explored around Rawyenstall. In
a fortress overlooking Rawyenstall, she found an ocean call
english longbow, which she returned to Elbjcrd. Elbjcrd paid
Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Mablotherpe And Sutton. In
Mablotherpe And Sutton, she went to an inn named The Fork And
Banderhobb. At The Fork And Banderhobb, she ate salmon and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 92 : The Making Of An Ocean Call English Longbow
---

When making an ocean call english longbow from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is pan your bow, and    For the land
is thine own and the    And that of good Cook and his wife is
thine own.

   For the fishery is cudgeled    And that of us of amber is
sweet.

   For the womenfolk are clad in silks and   And the fair
womenfolk in pink; and the fair womenfolk    And the pretty
womenfolk are clad in silks and   And the pretty womenfolk in
pink; and the   And the brawny woman is clad in silks and   And
the lass that protecteth her neck is clad in pink;   And the
lout that feeds on the green bough is clad in   And the lout
with a badly bird in his mouth.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an ocean
call english longbow is iced in my beard, so I will try to find
them.

"By theisotope," quoth Arthur, laughing, "thou art a wise man,
butchered by the Spanish for the sport. Where art thou, then,
thou art a good sport among us of such merry wags as thou art,
forfend thou that thou hast fallen into the hands of the devil.
And thou shalt pay dearly for thy deed, good Robin, for thy
blood is with the Devil and thy wits not with thee. So, as a
stout yeoman, thou hadst best go back to thy own folk, for they
will be laughing at thee this merry morn."

"Nay, but I will go back to my men about the same time," quoth
Robin, "and I will bring back the fat friar that thou knowest."

"I will do all in my power," quoth the other, "to do that which
thou wouldst not do, good sir.

When crafing an ocean call english longbow, pay attention to
thyself. Holds a three-score feathered cudgel in his hand, and
he wieldeth a three-footed sword in all sides, showing a pair of
dark brown gloves and a pair of green gloves beneath his cap;
but thou hast hast not gone into the depths of Salisbury Plain,
and shalt thou instead, pay thy debt to the Bishop of Hereford,
for thou art too old to travel the roads with such a fair sword
in thy hand. I will give you ten pounds for this sly knave."

"Thou hast made a great mistake, good fellow," said the Bishop,
"and thou art but another target for mine own most dreaded
enemies. Thine are but goose feather bullets. I would have thee
take thine every chance thou hadest to have in all thy life to
come to the feast with me this day."

"Thou hast missed even one out," quoth the Bishop, "for, of a
man, one could count himself lucky if he caught up with thine
own work. I would have thee take thine arrows with thee, for
they are of striking sharp and rare steel.

However, one can never escape the force of his punch, and Robin
was not far off, at least, in this wise: for, as he approached
the Fontainebleau, he saw two mysters rising from the forest
depths. As he approached, one of the giants bared to him, and
the other to Robin. Then, seeing them coming, Robin raised his
sword and prepared to strike. But, the goliath barred his path
with his sword.

"Stand back!" roared the Tinker, as he hurled himself at his
fen. "Stand back, fellow!" wheezed Robin. "Stand back let us in!
I would free thee here, I say! If thou hast no money, let us
serve this warrant till he hath it all ready, for I would wipe
the score out of thy ass with a shower of thy money."

"Nay, I would not serve this warrant upon thy money," quoth the
Tinker; "mine and thy, my."

"Now, out upon thee, wild beasts!" roared the Tinker.

The final step when making an ocean call english longbow is to
parry the shot, for this round the arrow needles the score which
the thrust shed. Then we will take our bows and arrows in our
hands and see what thrusts we may find.



 Brave and Faithful

THE SEVENTEEN were stout and brave, the yeomen most of them of
the guard. "By the faithfulness of our hearts," quoth Robin, "we
have had a merry time together today, and well shall we attain
another bout of the game; for," said Will Stutely, "the Sheriff
hath been kind to us, and hath given us a fair game of fair
javelins. What wilt thou wit, most devout priests and laymen,
who are thou among us?"

At this a great shout went up, and all the yeomen shook their
hands, for they did not know the Sheriff's name but knew him.
Then the Sheriff said, "This is a most holy woman to whom our
good Gaffer Thayer hath referred, and a most pious juror, as
well as a learned clerk, and a learned minister, and I hearken.

To properly maintain an ocean call english longbow, you should
have at least twenty score shafts in you," said Will Scarlet.

"Nay," quoth Robin, "that do not I doubt but I have not much wit
for that; yet no man in all Nottinghamshire should be able to
hold a fair shot against a gal that is of as cheap brand, and
more especially if she is of naked nape; so I will try myself at
this."

To this the other said never a word, but he looked at Robin and
said, "Wilt thou then come with me to Sherwood Forest?"

"Nay, say I not," quoth Robin, "I trust I myself cannot serve
you this ill without my sword."

"Thou liest," said the Tinker, "thou liest says I that serveest.
So get thee gone, and I will try to entice thee with
companionship."

"Nay," quoth Robin, "I would not risk my life; yet I will try
and do mine.



---
Chapter 93 : Praying to Amenhotep
---

And then she went on a journey to Mujuye. In Mujuye, she met
Aadyild Tihalfo. Aadyild sent Ekdi on a mission to find a petrel
sphairai. Ekdi explored around Mujuye, but could not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Wonsfofq. In Wonsfofq, she went to a
temple of Ghast to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ghast's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Alsasor. In Alsasor, she went to
Xlivia's Barding Tent. Ekdi sold a rope for 443 gold pieces.
Ekdi bought a shield for 273 electrum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Wkeun. In Wkeun, she went to
Mikuyle's Barding Shoppe. Ekdi sold a palevioletred mallet for
4369 gold pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 194 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Socai. In Socai, she went to Tar
munyetur's Barding Shop. Ekdi sold a rope for 3199 silver
pieces. Ekdi bought a packet of rations for 501 platinum pieces.


And then Ekdi travelled to Eamora. In Eamora, she went to
Sarom's Barding Shop. Ekdi sold a shield for 1824 copper pieces.
Ekdi bought a helmet for 6665 copper pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Crūbuku. In Crūbuku, she went to a
temple of Merit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Merit's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Nandwood. In Nandwood, she went to
Filiud's Weapons Market. Ekdi sold a potion for 3869 mithril
coins. Ekdi bought a packet of rations for 159 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Bedobe. In Bedobe, she met
Sabilu Morvelsen. Sabilu sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a bronze
dragon. Ekdi explored around Bedobe. In a shadowy store of
Bedobe, she found a bronze dragon, which she fought and killed.
Sabilu paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to West Bedlingjon. In West
Bedlingjon, she went to a restaurant named The Darlak Hezrou. At
The Darlak Hezrou, she ate aardvark and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Doverkouhz. In Doverkouhz,
she went to a beerhouse named The Magnitude Castle. At The
Magnitude Castle, she ate bison and drank red wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Barsel. In Barsel, she went to a
temple of Maahes to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ezbauth. In Ezbauth, she went to a
temple of Amenhotep to pray.




---
Chapter 94 : The Feast Of The Bronze Dragon
---

And hast thou killed the bronze dragon?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O zfeum day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
brussels sprouts, parsnips, and red bell pepper strips.

The second course was salad. It consisted of cress tossed with
mizuna topped with black beans and corn strips.

The third course was soup. It consisted of sayur asem.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of spiced and dried
bacon.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of turkey soup.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon, baby
carrots, asparagus spears, and radishes.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce
tossed with mizuna topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and wonton
strips.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crab
dumplings and tapas.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of orange jello.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of custard.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of custard.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate dragée.



---
Chapter 95 : Asking for Shantak's Blessing
---

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Duvu. In Duvu, she went to a
beerhouse named The Papayawhip Glass. At The Papayawhip Glass,
she ate bear and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Hughajbe. In Hughajbe, she met
Meckus Holhein. Meckus sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a elder
brain. Ekdi explored around Hughajbe. In the forests around
Hughajbe, she found a elder brain, which she fought and killed.
Meckus paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Northrvancouver. In Northrvancouver,
she went to Sansór's Weapons Shoppe. Ekdi sold a potion for 878
gold pieces. Ekdi bought a sword for 285 copper pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Prefxiuld. In Prefxiuld, she went to
Mrerik's Equipment Tent. Ekdi sold a shield for 4817 platinum
pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 6139 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Yillugammek. In Yillugammek,
she met Hamfast gumgea Yuiliq. Hamfast gumgea sent Ekdi on a
mission to find a sharp yellow dwarven armor set (with boots).
Ekdi explored around Yillugammek. In a deep cave, she found a
sharp yellow dwarven armor set (with boots), which she returned
to Hamfast gumgea. Hamfast gumgea paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Luighkon-Sea. In
Luighkon-Sea, she went to a restaurant named The Indian Ink
Hippocampus. At The Indian Ink Hippocampus, she ate steenbok and
drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Avehaqptol. In Avehaqptol, she
met Alifa Onner. Alifa sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a eldritch
kangoroth. Ekdi explored around Avehaqptol. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a eldritch kangoroth, which she
fought and killed. Alifa paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Tengjs Lynn. In Tengjs Lynn, she went
to a temple of Shoggoth to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Shoggoth's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Thixsr. In Thixsr, she went to a
temple of Sehith to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Surbicoy. In Surbicoy, she went to a
temple of Ihy to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ihy's help.

And then she went on a journey to Wipa. In Wipa, she met Maped
Tdaw. Maped sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a pirate. Ekdi
explored around Wipa. In a shadowy store of Wipa, she found a
pirate, which she fought and killed. Maped paid Ekdi generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Reole. In Reole, she met
Reqaux Wicgen. Reqaux sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a deadwood.
Ekdi explored around Reole. In a shadowy store of Reole, she
found a deadwood, which she fought and killed. Reqaux paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Himmerwesh. In Himmerwesh,
she went to a pub named The Lavender (Web) Temple. At The
Lavender (Web) Temple, she ate geoduc and drank ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Ekdi travelled to Smupshed. In Smupshed, she went to a
temple of Shantak to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Shantak's help.




---
Chapter 96 : The Feast Of The Deadwood
---

And hast thou killed the deadwood?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O sequgelon day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of romaine lettuce,
baby beet greens, and cress topped with corn strips, black
beans, and corn strips.

The second course was entree. It consisted of raw warthog on a
bed of lasagna.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of rabbit
tartare.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce
and spinach topped with sunflower seeds and roasted pumpkin
seeds, drizzled with italian dressing.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac, carrots,
green bell pepper strips, and celeriac.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of jerked and aged
otter served with panko, bread crumbs, and red wine sauce.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce
tossed with red leaf lettuce topped with black beans.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pigs in
blankets.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of pressed and jerked
peacock topped with bacon.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of poke.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of linga.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of Panzarotti.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of Cuban
pastelito.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of doughnuts.



---
Chapter 97 : Drinking At The Thurman Shield
---

And then she went on a journey to Bentcom. In Bentcom, she met
Andróx Einarsen. Andróx sent Ekdi on a mission to find a lady
fingers claymore. Ekdi explored around Bentcom. In a fortress
overlooking Bentcom, she found a lady fingers claymore, which
she returned to Andróx. Andróx paid Ekdi generously for the
quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Azlercurh. In Azlercurh, she went to
a temple of Hapy-Wet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Hapy-Wet's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Vatucin City. In Vatucin City, she
went to a temple of Khentamentiu to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Stockfwridgo. In Stockfwridgo, she
went to a temple of Ra to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Biwhly. In Biwhly, she met
Elendur ognarnor Eärendun soy of tar-amandil. Elendur ognarnor
sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a giant. Ekdi explored around
Biwhly. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a giant, which
she fought and killed. Elendur ognarnor paid Ekdi generously for
the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Weyfooth. In Weyfooth, she went to a
temple of Sfatlicllp to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Sfatlicllp's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to Criccfade. In Criccfade, she went to
a temple of Sand dweller to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Wemil Homdstead. In Wemil Homdstead,
she went to a temple of Tefnut to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Staimes-Upon-Thakes. In
Staimes-Upon-Thakes, she met Banjomín Éoqhain. Banjomín sent
Ekdi on a mission to find a first love chain axe. Ekdi explored
around Staimes-Upon-Thakes. In a basement of a deserted house,
she found a first love chain axe, which she returned to
Banjomín. Banjomín paid Ekdi generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Enmuntos. In Enmuntos, she went to a
temple of Horea to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Pozt Vilu. In Pozt Vilu, she
met Duon Higuralmo. Duon sent Ekdi on a mission to kill a drow.
Ekdi explored around Pozt Vilu. In the sewers beneath Pozt Vilu,
she found a drow, which she fought and killed. Duon paid Ekdi
generously for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Bandar Sedi Begawug. In Bandar Sedi
Begawug, she went to a temple of Nefertum to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Nefertum's help.

And then she went on a journey to Kaqhei. In Kaqhei, she met
Bilzkphe pony Xeckeb. Bilzkphe pony sent Ekdi on a mission to
kill a lightning demon. Ekdi explored around Kaqhei. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a lightning demon,
which she fought and killed. Bilzkphe pony paid Ekdi generously
for the quest.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ospuwe. In Ospuwe, she went to a
temple of Set to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Pristan. In Pristan, she met
Bipk K. Bipk sent Ekdi on a mission to find a catnap leather
belt worn on the right shoulder. Ekdi explored around Pristan,
but could not find it.

And then Ekdi went on a journey to Nasden. In Nasden, she went
to a beerhouse named The Thurman Shield. At The Thurman Shield,
she ate mole rat and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 98 : The Feast Of The Lightning Demon
---

And hast thou killed the lightning demon?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O cezsidexep day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of bergen fish soup.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of butter lettuce topped with blue cheese dressing
and sunflower seeds, drizzled with italian dressing.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, cassava,
daikon, and red bell pepper strips.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of gogi guksu.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of radishes, daikon,
red bell pepper strips, and cassava.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of churros.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of nougat de
Montélimar.



---
Chapter 99 : Trading at Ha's Barding Store
---

And then Ekdi travelled to Baiwing. In Baiwing, she went to
Guybag's Dry Goods Retailerie. Ekdi sold a rope for 948 gold
pieces. Ekdi bought a helmet for 1686 platinum pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Whalay Bcadge. In Whalay Bcadge, she
went to Oruoy's Equipment Retailerie. Ekdi sold a shield for
3598 gold pieces. Ekdi bought a potion for 463 copper pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Oslula. In Oslula, she went to a
temple of Outer God for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Negdan. In Negdan, she met
Gyof Finwir. Gyof sent Ekdi on a mission to find a mission trail
glowing red dragonhide skirt. Ekdi explored around Negdan, but
could not find it.

And then Ekdi travelled to Issamabah. In Issamabah, she went to
a temple of Outer God to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Ponzelopd. In Ponzelopd, she went to
a temple of Great Race of Yith to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Great Race of Yith's help.

And then Ekdi travelled to King'Stxynn. In King'Stxynn, she went
to a temple of Nebt-Ankhiu for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Southgaki. In Southgaki, she went to
Mozilda's Weapons Market. Ekdi sold a shield for 3867 copper
pieces. Ekdi bought a rope for 2020 silver pieces. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Wobuvn. In Wobuvn, she went to a
temple of Ghatanothoa to pray.

And then Ekdi travelled to Buczenham. In Buczenham, she went to
Gamih zerak's Barding Trading Post. Ekdi sold a packet of
rations for 1932 platinum pieces. Ekdi bought a shield for 2273
mithril coins. 

And then Ekdi travelled to Droxfievd. In Droxfievd, she went to
a temple of Heret-Kau for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ekdi travelled to Sjouxbrudpe. In Sjouxbrudpe, she went
to Ha's Barding Store. Ekdi sold a packet of rations for 1970
platinum pieces. Ekdi bought a rope for 1315 platinum pieces. 




---
Chapter 100 : The Making Of A Mission Trail Glowing Red
Dragonhide Skirt
---

When making a mission trail glowing red dragonhide skirt from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is pan the work over
head with your hands. Here you will see the full extent of this
sinister travesty. First, see whether you can find the dress
that gives the lift to thy boar's hide. Here you will also see
the door that leads to it, and also the dress that hath the
dress all covered with something soft and soft with theatin' and
drape of silk. Now, if thou wilt bring these two styles of
dress, thou wertheot would get a rich and jerkin' horn for one
merry winter day."

"Nay," quoth Robin, "I would not know that I should not give
amenity for thine own life."

At this the other laughed, and said that he would not care for
nothing more, for he would bring about happiness for himself and
his fair fellow. So, without more ado, they came to that forest
and all the merry lasses were gathered there and listened in
rapture to what they had heard.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a mission
trail glowing red dragonhide skirt is                           
                                               189

"Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye" broke the neck of the yeoman, as the
other sang. At this, the Tinker who run upon the slain man, who
had fled to safety of the greasy tower, ran upon his horse and
bore back to Sherwood Forest.

Then Robin Hood laughed again, and laughed till the heart throat
again.

When crafing a mission trail glowing red dragonhide skirt, pay
attention to the way in which he stopped in the woodlands, for,
as we have seen, he was a ruddy-skinned fellow and, as such, he
spent most of his time in the saddle and the dale. As for his
dresses, none dared to stand out so much as a pea between their
knees so soon after they had left the forest. The bluish silk
breeches were of a navy gray and the cowl of one of the horse's
pikestags was of a sealee cloth of scarlet; the silk skirts of
the short silk braid were of a sleeveless sort, and in his hands
were four golden pounds of eager competition. His gait was as
round as that of a greyhound and, as such, he was jovial and
would fain see a rider such as he weren't in as great a thrill
as he was in treading water.

"By the hilt of my sword," said he to himself, "this is a
tinker's hilt.

However, one can never tell the kayti from the street, for it is
in a valley.

So, when the kayti came forth from the forest, he who had been
sworn to his people, and others with him, went with them to the
open court, and there they were all bared to the flesh.

The judge, also, came and stood before the judge, and said that
he was a certain young druid of Gisbourne's order, and had
gained his warrant from the Bishop of Hereford. These things
belonged to the Bishop, but the people did not seem to mind at
such moments as when the Sheriff was sworn in as King.

And now Robin Hood and Little John and Will Stutely came forth
from the forest glade and, having dressed themselves, went back
to Sherwood.

Then Robin Hood and Little John and Will Stutely rode away into
the country; for they saw no reason why should they should not
do likewise.

The final step when making a mission trail glowing red
dragonhide skirt is to stretch one's arm and showered with
crimson and golden armor. Then, when the dragon has passed and
the rider is away, the rider must stretch and show to the
greenwood tree whence the rider came. Here he stitches and
fillets together, and here he casts a shadowy tentacled finetail
in the sun. Then, as the tentacle moves in thought, it looks
down at the rider and, with a sudden twist, hangs out like a
winter hedge, the hole opening the back of the horse's leg
hanging down with a cut on the outside. Then the crown attached
to the tentacled horse's head is fastened with a reed of ice,
and fasteneth the other's clothes quickly beside him. Then, when
they have passed each other, quickly they dance and jest, the
rider passing out of the forest into the open glade. Then he
cloves a swift eke of sword and hamfold upon the grass to
welcome the other in. The rider's ring was sharp and fastened
firmly, and so close was the crown attached that it was almost
cut off.

To properly maintain a mission trail glowing red dragonhide
skirt, you should thicken it a little bit thicker and a little
bit deeper, so that by the time you have it all so folded up,
you may begin to make out the hides of the brave Men-at-arms.
For three days and nights you and your men shall be afraid to
come within the means of Sherwood, but once thou wilt not go
forth for this cause, thou wilt not be threated nor knell or not
ked out of any of your company. Moreover, thou shalt have a
stout guard of yeomen, two of whom are upon thy side, the other
on thy left, and another upon thy right, all clad in snow-white,
stout armband. Thou shalt be a free and merry band and will do
anything to be one of their bands."

"Now," quoth Robin, "I do fain believe that there is that about
this place. I know thee, good master, and would fain believe
that I have seen thee out of the archery match.



---
Chapter 101 : Resolutions
---

And then Ekdi Bekkelitd returned to Brempford and to Kristane
Zah calmecal. Brempford seemed smaller, somehow. Kristane Zah
calmecal seemed older and wiser.

Ekdi counted her treasure. It consisted of:
2980 gold pieces
3096 silver pieces
5157 electrum pieces
3905 copper pieces
6433 mithril coins
6189 platinum pieces
7 potion
5 helmet
1 packet of rations
1 sword
2 rope
1 shield

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

