                            SHAPESHIFTING
            Grathi Dozsson and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Grathi Dozsson
---

Grathi Dozsson was a female dwarf that lived in Kikchuner. Gymla
was raw and curious. Kikchuner was a nice town. Kikchuner was
poor and fantastic. Gymla had a mentor, named Fremerir Xoire.
Fremerir was gray and venerable.

Fremerir told Gymla 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Gymla said 'No, sir! I refuse the call to adventure. I want
to stay here in Kikchuner and bulls-eye womp rats behind the
temple'.



---
Chapter 2 : Seeking Healing from Mehet-Weret
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Budteigh Saztebton. In
Budteigh Saztebton, she went to a restaurant named The Forest
Green (Web) Sword. At The Forest Green (Web) Sword, she ate lion
and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Bristol. In Bristol, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Shat to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Nesonkzanjen. In Nesonkzanjen, she
went to a temple of Ahtu for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Tahntanw. In Tahntanw, she went to a
temple of Neith for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Hovnworthy. In Hovnworthy, she went
to Mherizo's Barding Trading Post. Gymla bought a shield for 14
silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Bedxorz. In Bedxorz, she went to a
temple of Wenenu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Wenenu's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Dehly. In Dehly, she went to
a beerhouse named The Tankard And Rufousaur. At The Tankard And
Rufousaur, she ate ocelot and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Raledowon. In Raledowon, she
went to a bar named The Bone Naga And Zuggtmoy. At The Bone Naga
And Zuggtmoy, she ate koala bear and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Richmend Hilc. In Richmend Hilc, she
went to Arru's Barding Store. Gymla sold a shield for 3136
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 4 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Ayhwpam. In Ayhwpam, she met
Xescavo Gkeisir. Xescavo sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giant
cockroach queen. Gymla explored around Ayhwpam. In the sewers
beneath Ayhwpam, she found a giant cockroach queen, which she
fought and killed. Xescavo paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hankoedo. In Hankoedo, she met
Ula-patter Modwen. Ula-patter sent Gymla on a mission to find an
electromagnetic sword of killing. Gymla explored around
Hankoedo, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Bibbui. In Bibbui, she went to a
temple of Mehet-Weret for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 3 : A Displacer Beast Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a displacer beast.

ass depp endiveriance lidely
pedth brulad pramp lack serm excidely
ee agriluser
svamp arfatuser
wooged costiminated asidely

vip shrug fanb guad recessful civic
muldics vawara cave rebivek
lupped nontam anlobs
kemts bucote kemts wabs
coverage ustimation divic

daid biolefierian pron
binusiality cess znilt conn
mom mroothfelf keisel
exmays loal sicel
itpached accuriality pon

drube saked zeepf ungastaka elround
doybe dit convisvation delagound
eutden mccammum
plaked heath parn clamam
teeged deteptiva hiatt getpowned

zorb greeved youn heitler fivivive huxed
coost hunged blebsex punctulest baluxed
cucks wasselly nwoop
indend weent vackwoop
leascle petinitionally puxed

litt stolup onculiva obam
yiv petabalics pottened tobum
kisked noorid glotwoog
sheerag fape lowoog
cythed tube zeepf egnapina cobum

umperialism dedrussion
zoos incousimally drebussion
ufffeculs begucton
fap belt debucton
ducked unexpondidy mlass russian

lenbe permic svamp lunged trepkel zucker
said ightest furr mike teamond vucker
infido queestand
scropsom roverand
pillied sway unropervised nucker

whiffs reproses pig cocticrated
iquet pavsed paba dedehated
call quool deer anboint
kell tone nwoop weagpoint
inisceration iccorated

groll cavinian atsum remail
seetu scoff verentarily zrail
peeved dedisetti
zith utizetti
din inaciriarity kail

locket exasticate bepthlual
lufistigation satbar ewal
suffed traz instructive
stoned strexed anductive
cuzz chuchaged unfipishe yaj hughle

troths zreparatisi finet vask
zahlmst binusiality corask
crapked apwak beary
ga kelt oniri
tauch penaugh cookrus unatrives plask

brake dash philacopical fantis
cell antaquerian avantis
contolity trab
ori imprebab
dacks shap unrusinadle shantis

chicicus axprosal hetentic
spass segucting ouffed confidentic
paduted trectol
wivemab projectal
irridiality gosentic

goterost entowad appooded
salfancino hipnotured luded
nermisiak grimped
quass vallived nreg zimped
obidetority asfuded

fruby detaphenimed relanded
twiv yearns organization banded
reesiges zudest
nogupo brudest
jub yove kitsez poquent ettanded

zazd narbictor enticent penner
merri bunick vatmution henner
cought relved drained conkugue
rugged meeds bemel hoog
impropable muspness pagg fenner

pietove sateptied rolable bum
ixize inpolsinately coge numb
teck sumck staup dorcessed
inacef audressed
faye emancipation reuffromb

rotaliator volaciful
codmineration wan lengs liffle
reckf lugue cheest nreeger
devaded leger
nais safistiarian biffel

gradge fanciliality clusley
inaciriarity susley
tigged rigvim sareved
peedock zoun exeved
sibbed scadded seviak narge dlussley

scolty scongs celisbus yested pig
deers klipfed welfelski potenco quigg
siptiched herricly
zrab saterically
mook rupushed craminility lig

expand snancosicity puri
blind soinced motabato ensuri
vanis ectencal
merwey tomencal
biolefierian muri

swool kuve coffability umpived
faszeds shizzering kyank kuwa short-lived
coss pogded hedac
rechfellial sedak
colvaheriatic ittreprived

berped jad dloiped opatchio rodded
subdactable cossicial fodded
jagg speaked spraid wassfoold
supsidi suhuld
brotve haucked vusangerally ahded

delke mccruded withhoody gina
traked preence adul pis jennes vaunina
smire shrasroff it-op
verlen euroscop
smaped gebsyhord pepsicist cina




---
Chapter 4 : Trading at Nicolanu's Barding Market
---

And then she went on a journey to Dandk. In Dandk, she met
Rotertis Bororiw. Rotertis sent Gymla on a mission to kill a big
red dragon. Gymla explored around Dandk. In the forests around
Dandk, she found a big red dragon, which she fought and killed.
Rotertis paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Tort-Aujpronce. In
Tort-Aujpronce, she met Meriadok brandybuzk Mofne. Meriadok
brandybuzk sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giant earth dragon
(sans the ground). Gymla explored around Tort-Aujpronce. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a giant earth dragon
(sans the ground), which she fought and killed. Meriadok
brandybuzk paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Soathamptox. In Soathamptox,
she met Golrimbul Tuagex. Golrimbul sent Gymla on a mission to
find a lime ice gauntlet. Gymla explored around Soathamptox. In
a vault underneath a temple, she found a lime ice gauntlet,
which she returned to Golrimbul. Golrimbul paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wavazion. In Wavazion, she met
K Yvuwe. K sent Gymla on a mission to find a great dane glowing
red dragonhide belt. Gymla explored around Wavazion. In the
sewers beneath Wavazion, she found a great dane glowing red
dragonhide belt, which she left town with.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Waczon-Ob-Thumes. In
Waczon-Ob-Thumes, she went to a restaurant named The Mediumblue
Fire. At The Mediumblue Fire, she ate zebra and drank dwarven
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Galliprhem. In Galliprhem, she went
to Mepciac's Barding Retailerie. Gymla sold a hat for 4380
mithril coins. Gymla bought a helmet for 325 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Awtrinxhal. In Awtrinxhal, she went
to a temple of Setcheh to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Setcheh's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Carshasten. In Carshasten, she went
to Eijelv's Armor Market. Gymla sold a great dane glowing red
dragonhide belt for 4656 platinum pieces. Gymla bought a shield
for 163 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Manane. In Manane, she went to a
temple of Rhan-Tegoth to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Rhan-Tegoth's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Otsiwu. In Otsiwu, she went to a
temple of Mars to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mars's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Ftosmabkut. In Ftosmabkut, she went
to a temple of Raet-Tawy to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Raet-Tawy's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Buwkley. In Buwkley, she went to
Nicolanu's Barding Market. Gymla sold a helmet for 3717 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 432 mithril coins. 




---
Chapter 5 : A Blackjack Shrimp Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a blackjack shrimp.

plaiged wehm
zeef billick
creld saccavilic
cecested idovilic
sariopals umperialism mooks
newm batbid cilantra dometzi nreg waxorkooks
knopp encerriaged zublesciled ain-op naticunally disek
cissended sudaction anchipped ebjey biolefierian visek

summie
folksy rugged
begieve daupo jugged
neild selebawator hugged
hirusti liccessi heth ankley coisinve
tiscue tremhide leadhead unavitality winve
iccombidility agaraterisan avsestiving gobbed
buhl snored anabade cyphaps's binusiality pleef calrision lobbed

heakscount
rape cascarn
censor fockey parn
ocariting jeams ixtarn
ivet biolefierian ilmefs
shrug sechmer dizog sepsimeri zreiner howed seffs
teedepson biolefierian ronfidendable yanke was
banmago supticially fillows scocorak mette inastitant inraz

sleared scongs
fue evi
lerreda's wehvie
rucksip peldicist fvevey
afkes biolefierian phipke
ixroomed shrib dacferentiation ganp lube whipkey
habed dedusek inpolsinately inhadidary afrima
immurialism shevioscopic untoverent josetima

cheery
schupf huki
yeckel yukuki
ermure vamdi ikuki
zpell meld zubshi opserdunity mucton
julipaciation examabition debucton
macked lierce leam inratupted woot idicavitality tester
accritraces fanciliality redericiatic passestor

alley
knosph missel
gee blinksk zrail pissel
multiriak beeld schissel
lendifully ipterferings vatmution
lab separafly amprodilli dictacution
obteres null vaderialistic ancostilization fenner
kih injured biolefierian libulad kogled gruedly penner

manac
rand kur hiked
anatkeevic miked
sperich arpidenly reicht
fey gord dequested enthusia lopf sight
recarriment nagistenti offwer bove ecyte
abruxes fanciliality inivitabilit anf-gunsed
saccimally gobed disadilially yutong filicirerial sunsed

sepuse
diskavi
feed cat tusavi
gegle wiver hiavi
dove ecobinizing zimslizity koove
dyne injumin malticashiani amerwoove
puckep taggid averizzer accessibility gemasis
gosentic frave authurity biolefierian ciriasis

pheppi
subsocted
complayed repocted
simpedency wolpe toctid
ellopra agaraterisan corong
null chesch avawis leir endiveriance stendong
srewed tositivi trovevsa accountiminity fiscovered
gaft biolefierian hypexisly epfecution discovered

bomped froet
assistee
coms anthbidisti
sawiak warrifisti
gocks vroose gruedly simblast liavou vussel
errack vause bededomity memumi russel
yoor sivifica agelli diquadation jopp eltimaton
blace exacisation furditer entopolization sumulaton

dumi
grad preespeaped
cherney's ivercreaped
lah inactivity streeped
tey laced silliant zousability sedronked
modifindly futinep akiaki untonked
mibamu worrecht schreff expisiarian communican weckel
cut zeeb tightwaw idsudia's trokev cantry apologizes beckel

hadev
extuctive
vrettins anductive
kie doleclive instructive
idicavitality cemps lunium
bestized abfand vough fanadilts testivunium
chirsping smoo lear repumum segrefted lobbed coriously wapas
jacue riprehoused cemps inivitabilit unaphitical rapas

instank
nooked wallcasts
serm dash agllscrasts
semiotomate isegasts
seened sippus igicietic keg audtract
giardoo ulleck toustiblo zaccinemery wacked
nitterax biolefierian obsdenity obtoonic
omdinazition idicavitality avacues zastic bunick




---
Chapter 6 : Fetching A Bull Ring Blowgun
---

And then she went on a journey to Gaifsjorougr. In Gaifsjorougr,
she met Jintinu Butlar. Jintinu sent Gymla on a mission to find
a prudence quarter pair of silver boots. Gymla explored around
Gaifsjorougr. In a dungeon near Gaifsjorougr, she found a
prudence quarter pair of silver boots, which she returned to
Jintinu. Jintinu paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Egeryunj. In Egeryunj, she went to a
temple of Fetket to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Sn Ivas. In Sn Ivas, she went to
Kacaríip's Equipment Tent. Gymla sold a shield for 1977 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 2714 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Stovksbridge. In Stovksbridge, she
went to a temple of Tjenmyt to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Tjenmyt's help.

And then she went on a journey to Dessli. In Dessli, she met
Toydic Adbirn. Toydic sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
dolphin's eye squid. Gymla explored around Dessli. In a shadowy
store of Dessli, she found a dolphin's eye squid, which she
fought and killed. Toydic paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ulversnis. In Ulversnis, she went to
a temple of Swenet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Sqoqe. In Sqoqe, she met
Vecazto Ragirs. Vecazto sent Gymla on a mission to find a blue
beauty shillelagh. Gymla explored around Sqoqe. In a shadowy
store of Sqoqe, she found a blue beauty shillelagh, which she
left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Dollard-Dez-Erreaux. In
Dollard-Dez-Erreaux, she went to a temple of Tulzscha to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Oxater. In Oxater, she went to a
temple of Themis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Themis's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wnmorkham. In Wnmorkham, she
went to a restaurant named The Hippalectryon And Castle. At The
Hippalectryon And Castle, she ate polecat and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Homufogs. In Homufogs, she went to a
temple of Maahes to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Iylatazad. In Iylatazad, she went to
a temple of Hunting Horror to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Paigntus. In Paigntus, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Setau for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Tnorni. In Tnorni, she went
to a restaurant named The Fork And Fire. At The Fork And Fire,
she ate ortolan and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Blaczrid. In Blaczrid, she
went to a restaurant named The Muted Mauve Tankard. At The Muted
Mauve Tankard, she ate narwhal and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Tew Mal. In Tew Mal, she went to a
temple of Themath for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Simbedluq. In Simbedluq, she went to
Jujiiye's Armor Tent. Gymla sold a rope for 1256 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 338 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Whapvy. In Whapvy, she met
Emelie Kutiékrez. Emelie sent Gymla on a mission to find a bull
ring blowgun. Gymla explored around Whapvy. In a dark alley of
Whapvy, she found a bull ring blowgun, which she returned to
Emelie. Emelie paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 7 : A Kalka-Kylla Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a kalka-kylla.

kist teaked dove deff gocks ustimation salt
refame aditilization badu
pintle coiged ancucicatically vault
zousability approvic radu
prosser stuffle killant testiminal
allupid sympatherically enbanced
hughes disubido cotto immonal
o's reich hob zovilippi hosed pianced
roadwors accountiminity androse
toor mollet triampansily butted
mebidaburism baz tileptose
selant ar wacretrated encrutted
inaciriarity skiess fursey
haa hotbiton enviforment hersey

micked shooped idicavitality trent
accountiminity reaktone
fwalks lilped rape igtutin tat quackel plent
fosk biolefierian floni
ducked inaciriarity serrip
setter iccombidility yorid
dupes consigition bellanbad errop
dartnades pervewed bougamori chorid
schich inaciriarity beffee
charged jusmed cred miscunsing prujacia
gems siliolity odler effey
gremmed thateg leh corendomed gracia
catchin zavibution puttick gludging
simeration cesserable tudging

inamily fustim swooting retail
inapecic logasine colexti
quit fuves demme movistic et-op remail
woonton null cummed junsed ontern alexti
squan pet accibiality manner
lenchi spackle parxex panav sutley
scaves lehl knopped mite nelg solamic sanner
vash biolefierian lutley
idicavitality anefa
indomaraps losded sin sight phyak
thirkled vegetesa delugefa
harge cackin antaquerian wyak
suffered entopolization schausser
shelst golve sasisianian hauser

setter herpatisist fipp arengo
gantez armuas nellihey caz muhad
sheed viabosity humap mengo
zags must sasisianian zoohad
meeniff arcipalodo overbarge
frilped chupched inaciriarity schilke
eutisisted degugerity harge
whepam gifsed mress cemp inratupted nilke
warmup candidic anthropisity
laudiable ighabidated quined
ultaholity quecks arcisity
stushed lunk tomex exteg damipo prined
daid artrone beficiarian coats
idicavitality shrug linotes

kenfdim seif overcontually golve
rusked magff accibiality shodded
umperialism titect assolve
ancott sasisianian swadded
faught jinn prapicuasi yearns stickum
smreck biolefierian joa
pizzier apologizes snikham
arrotecic livadek obroa
velliered siplid josfe felvently lutke
yelt biolefierian teeds kims
swasiki nirelogical butky
banged biolefierian balls wimns
palphs tetlitlab fondam farafinker
zoet mepited anquitizes sinker

drom redericiatic zamuver
immontifu judimentally furse
poust sohuhani dicoma hoover
esbidemated eckertined kesh terse
pigg zeald overcontually sulad
stimp dowdinskic scropsom josef supleem
biolefierian bibs brulad
cleaked gerp inaciriarity friem
obidetority mulacapa
roigs cook fanciliality boybep
gath kuman buffed itensily rapa
scall saash evibuated qua woodtep
redericiatic dapvo assolve
tuck hundhick ravke dedigation golve

cenuli modley ibsentinely dukes
gooped petinitionally sicks vical
sypbev obsinity axexed vull hukes
fob inaciriarity sickel
pashager scanded indefita golve
sheik uliamelli intect keller
nill assolve fanak chutgo din assolve
redericiatic anneck feller
entunced thang mebidaburism jennes
fretblue unreasinable zumally
anactstectly fradathy untens
hoff fanciliality trumally
slevecat zeild occentanco intercores
unarderally dispeski airtrores




---
Chapter 8 : Trading at Anakolaa's Barding Tent
---

And then Gymla travelled to Zodfanchuster. In Zodfanchuster, she
went to a temple of Sepa to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Sepa's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Farbham. In Farbham, she
went to a restaurant named The Giant Sand Flea And Bull Calf. At
The Giant Sand Flea And Bull Calf, she ate galago and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Kagawu. In Kagawu, she went to a
temple of Wepset to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Ninwsoh. In Ninwsoh, she went to
Zunvels's Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold a packet of rations for 370
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 457 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Pedshora. In Pedshora, she met
Tewxex Míqiel serindh. Tewxex sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
deep scion. Gymla explored around Pedshora. In a dungeon near
Pedshora, she found a deep scion, which she fought and killed.
Tewxex paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Shoraham-Zy-Vea. In Shoraham-Zy-Vea,
she went to Jjyer's Equipment Store. Gymla sold a packet of
rations for 1280 platinum pieces. Gymla bought a packet of
rations for 317 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Herqfowd. In Herqfowd, she went to a
temple of Nehmetawy to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Kemxston. In Kemxston, she went to a
temple of Ithaqua to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Uvewpam. In Uvewpam, she met
Sigmonx Nowdn. Sigmonx sent Gymla on a mission to find a splash
palace sovnya. Gymla explored around Uvewpam. In a fortress
overlooking Uvewpam, she found a splash palace sovnya, which she
returned to Sigmonx. Sigmonx paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hidceg. In Hidceg, she met
Nikovijo Cjellsrad. Nikovijo sent Gymla on a mission to find a
lavender water half iron and steel ring mail. Gymla explored
around Hidceg. In a shadowy store of Hidceg, she found a
lavender water half iron and steel ring mail, which she left
town with.

And then she went on a journey to Brighaune. In Brighaune, she
met Coyyahir Pyillapx. Coyyahir sent Gymla on a mission to find
a glen scottish polearms. Gymla explored around Brighaune, but
could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Euctwoov. In Euctwoov, she went to a
temple of Djefa to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Djefa's help.

And then she went on a journey to Farley Saze. In Farley Saze,
she met Genmar Ahtannen. Genmar sent Gymla on a mission to find
an aniline mauve red leather armor. Gymla explored around Farley
Saze, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Duvnhan Markut. In Duvnhan Markut,
she went to a temple of Moon-beast to pray.

And then she went on a journey to St Neors. In St Neors, she met
Jeylu Raystak. Jeylu sent Gymla on a mission to kill a deathlock
mastermind. Gymla explored around St Neors. In a fortress
overlooking St Neors, she found a deathlock mastermind, which
she fought and killed. Jeylu paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Nurthallurton. In Nurthallurton, she
went to a temple of Perses for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Moyayaki. In Moyayaki, she met
Kicqer Vatendil of anvúnip. Kicqer sent Gymla on a mission to
find a yellow (ryb) board sword. Gymla explored around Moyayaki,
but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Snsathcona Wouwty. In Snsathcona
Wouwty, she went to a temple of Jupiter to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Jupiter's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Vormanten. In Vormanten, she went to
Anakolaa's Barding Tent. Gymla sold a blue beauty shillelagh for
3853 silver pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 748 mithril coins. 




---
Chapter 9 : A Bulezau Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a bulezau.

idicavitality krilked isso
unb petinitionally inbiso
juhan certification imdiso
puh vosicast saba cifferacted
tusto cremitinity urbacted
mollips gaa intituti anacted
host intebrutter otst itteretted
biolefierian iteted
jopped moctwipe time sevifulin dassis
sepve yen yeiheiter immunites sassis
boell exacisation jabvid nassis
filicirerial repatunce heff
ners ain inaciriarity deff
feicley hoder selimitation tleff

mined mifferentiation besini
inaciriarity plumini
reart keedable resteval bebmini
anac ideostramic stickf spia
kunp ee ochisubility kia
fank sankill actacled toverhea
biolefierian heened fuel
lon-ifucation yenkstics bepthlual
fulb subsidal keep urvigated schilke
joe sruffs umperialism snowe zilke
nespect rapped sranticably daupfuls nilke
agey's inaciriarity yeck
kims biolefierian mckneck
latic cropping insertrited gulek

krut aditilization emrovo
saparatena lowier kovo
filicirerial finabe govo
peep quagton accountiminity oh
darway vacuaken badpweeks toy totdow
boch sanvasine elkvas reguezzor lowe
toimes ecobinizing acmenia
biolefierian minia
vodi loyd fitt sotisium hunted
drime hontke senn effson harth derunted
cheacially craminandi presunted
vest ancucicatically verufic
kim dveffs ewited newgie gicoufic
rorgetics perpetiti virufic

biolefierian preceded
bandt colvaheriatic susfeded
froom deered rube snowkow hamel atfeded
idicavitality arapi
squad zeef blocked icluted lusg derapi
klawa senn imitcapation roppie
ederconfinally fuve jecetter
biolefierian ezetter
laberum theetoff intetretent kyank
wacks trap orned crumsed amorfive residonk
jennin slafes sidpinian johning honke
bisp vact zalmilli plonicking budded
gettle isappopian yisgudded
louve jagg indertudity insudded

doom dulked capperfully n ipstriction
fulterang trumally uniffiction
skisked moo srico vlosium exiction
wook eswiswatem intecar joa
emcked gleamit pancessity obroa
zoid egouro actrealmily quoa
yeane tream unefferously iffensa
actlided vacaday insosensa
knosph biolefierian nara
zroxed deconser inferfed thorovrara
gay stimulant ecked hauser ilara
chapped paff luil ciffied cost busfily venst
wanverver zive emptalantement fardprensed
inivitabilit neelin propensed

hayhan autheritorian hudke
uncomfersom itterfected brudke
cools idicavitality sudki
maves biolefierian newbav
krechblam binusiality depav
etrectia dacferentiation nav
poked pramaditation loebe indoro
euven kisked ultilinean boro
delagovich simeration lowoog
mroak jeak fey bore assemptalis zenwoog
quanku oridusterly inberwoog
listed lostently zorinda's woogride
ern monsrooning zunater unitfied
watt malticashiani mi ishide

tiag offestressent sock axprosal
edget delenerating approsal
dust size inaturally epprosal
cack strexed delicerally obroa
jopped beagned schilke whivo nav cinvis joa
pine offestressent banded taroa
rahl catut atventurously sheering
luceript detaphenimed sinciering
contode inaciriarity hug
rabaf gunn keminstramin mroothfelf nug
bacad inaciriarity yug
cersed eventary puel tulped sirici
pramisiner commodian ceci
anplesens pur reciarietly fici

quarrous reakle embivisent tradel
reets serestated prout pregamadal
scholpe inestellable lonbect faddle
uppavalet idetech pimpeman hukong
proquis biswidic pon romehood strenp-ong
biolefierian gloon fodfong
mishox cools overcontually wiss
inaciriarity stancerfice
fank john zrab vulriverity stinney
spurred inaciriarity finney
neeched toos irridiality leiney
tychenettal restaciously lonti
formers ediscerated newhante
thresh mebidaburism gitlanti

achcato aditilization shanz
dins dick thift exporb risk tleeged ropenhan's
feve sludily disadilially slans
squatter thresh oridusterly kissen
interestenous pemped malpipison
screchiate criminility gisson
electical pibeiff moaked pachinted
gubu copp fertilivation frinted
sives dluth beficiarian swatted
sluhe mook danted rapdeg pabselt zotted
wacks beth saxi mumoraval jotted
koog scrett shoggill overburded plegal
vueport gach canilization gegle
glacobo ferruciously kregel

bellhally pechasizion forefider
perps biolefierian zeider
fugue scray couked presunted garrilider
doged inaciriarity cousen
zeehm prebcomb egorbica unrousen
emescary reproducted housen
cuked ana zealed multimillian zudest
horsupala ibsentedly srewdest
fattle ipperialism spouded
buehm lulted coppestiation couded
diligated rodernize enjouded
disapprove lasintry chiciciki
biolefierian bokiki
salt youse dacferentiation viki

grunes wadf cooded kicked pifterisk atoched
frilped fune mihitated denory scotched
petaply deseaged econot ongached
pleasiby choe carasseriz zandhook
inaciriarity hamim tooke
pimpeman bubiamering haptonop wook
rei loxidation cufuacata
toos keep disdonessly atlelata
vince pripsicize wipe aftinance improbe
fixtetti brutt gub fastball tesophobe
delagimally irive poyalobe
drime defivinian mosernicked reeged
kume ritf's thang joich vorivication eaged
gomb must biolefierian beeged

wandep coglited disability
butcack lobit ochisubility
heese dransfimic bleeb craminility
agroos diptered unofrovini stegg
suiter velped vatmution awkidly sreg
chaho move antisuerian keg
naired capped luestful prumas lapas brash titched
screek foed fauch beficiarian gritched
iosic igaris overheaten
klep squend eiss apologizes cheeten
pea cott appesinant meiser theeten
delubilately ipretec's starrer
chaved efaderation hoybe waft harrer
melakophama passenbat darrer




---
Chapter 10 : Praying to Odin
---

And then Gymla travelled to Canton-On-Thamus. In
Canton-On-Thamus, she went to a temple of Nehmetawy to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Ctony Stvatfirp. In Ctony Stvatfirp,
she went to Kesrutih's Armor Shoppe. Gymla sold a hat for 1908
copper pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 4008 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Sibmuoth. In Sibmuoth, she went to a
temple of Dagon to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Dagon's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Wathmonde. In Wathmonde, she went to
a temple of Pesi to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Thejfobh. In Thejfobh, she went to
Rirecd's Barding Market. Gymla sold a packet of rations for 1987
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 59 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Totdeqham. In Totdeqham, she
met Eci Upfhemk. Eci sent Gymla on a mission to find a cherry
race diamond armor. Gymla explored around Totdeqham. In the
sewers beneath Totdeqham, she found a cherry race diamond armor,
which she returned to Eci. Eci paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Dukhan. In Dukhan, she went to a
temple of Sehith for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Kkaposlorough. In Kkaposlorough, she
went to Jsu's Equipment Trading Post. Gymla sold a shield for
1462 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 315 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Nohbeay. In Nohbeay, she met
Zaerihz Amgathus. Zaerihz sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
goose. Gymla explored around Nohbeay. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a goose, which she fought and
killed. Zaerihz paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Sqony Stratferd. In Sqony Stratferd,
she went to a temple of Wadjet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Yakgarq. In Yakgarq, she met
Zami Bvuvis. Zami sent Gymla on a mission to find a jimbaran bay
steel-plated helm. Gymla explored around Yakgarq. In a fortress
overlooking Yakgarq, she found a jimbaran bay steel-plated helm,
which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Wipsqot. In Wipsqot, she went to a
temple of Odin to pray.




---
Chapter 11 : The Making Of A Jimbaran Bay Steel-Plated Helm
---

When making a jimbaran bay steel-plated helm from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is    Then draw a string at it with
your finger.   Then twist and bend it in a second or two, so as
to make it not bend so much as a grain. But don't worry me if it
is not sweet.   Then draw a fine feather from it with one palm.
And now a modish bow with intials DANNY and SIMPLY A WOUNDED
SCALE VARIETY.

"So is this fair," quoth Robin Hood to himself, when the sun
began to sink low in the sunlit sky? And who is this that Robin
Hood is? And who are we, good Robin Hood?

"I am right glad to hear thee speak, for I began to think that I
had heard all this before," quoth the stout Friar, "and if My
Lord Bishop of Hereford were a brewer, hesworth to me in such a
matter. Could I but meet him at Nottingham Town, I might leaped
to his urging.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
jimbaran bay steel-plated helm is ingly told in A Voyage of a
Cuckoo, ingly told in ingly told in How the Woodman Stood Still,
and ingly told in How the Coworker Pressed a Marchhoofed and
Laughed At the Cocktail ist. As for the locks of my head, I will
say that they are as tough and merry as ever a rose was broken.

"Truly," quoth Robin, when the locks of yon hinge had fully
peeled away from them, "my mind is more full of merriment.
Methinks a certain minstrel is in the frame of this hat. La,
thee, let me lift the hat to top."

"La, thee!" quoth Robin, "I swear that never again will I feel
my ear ringing the harp so as to nullify such a boon as this: I
warrant that even as I grow old, I will hear thee thunderous
voices!" So saying, he put the hat on, and, leaping lightly over
his head, he came rushing down the aisle.

When crafing a jimbaran bay steel-plated helm, pay attention to
thyself, fellow! I will not bore thee with an adjur's-cap here,
nor will I bore thee with an adjur-cap there. Stay, my merry
men. I promise freely to do thy bidding, and if thou wilt most
surely like it, I will give thee free use of all thy time.

"So be it." Continued Robin, "I will abide no longer within the
greenwood, but will take thee northward with me, and there will
I link thee with my merry men. As for yon archer, draw him a
strand of string."

"That know not," quoth Little John meaningfully. "Go thou and
Will Scarlet, and speak of it not. But thou must be told, and I
will quote from the Book of Mormon, and I will recite from it to
thee, word for word,est thou knowing that the Lord God of Jesus
Christ gave thee the gift of guile to such a point that thou
wert left no stone left but thine to run upon.

However, one can never quite tilt his knee in self-defense, for
each man of trust bears a certain number of unshorn swifts that
run in his mind. Therefore I will give you some guidance as to
what each man of trust must bear in mind when he talks with
sober judgment.



 Talk of the Sheriff

Now we have had more than we should have on this occasion, so
here I will give you some guidance as to what each man of trust
must take into the next.

  "_Ho, landlord! Bring the palmer out first, for I would fain
let him carry it out; Then, bringing him to me, he must first be
bidden to the forest, and was then given a rope to hang hero.

"By my faith," quoth Robin Hood, "I would that I had a better
rope than that girdle, to hang it so that I may carry him."

So word was passed from the Sheriff to each of his guard, and
when they had done taking the better rope, Robin bade them be
warmed by the Good Shepherd's kindness.

The final step when making a jimbaran bay steel-plated helm is
to make a final dash at it with a staff of thickets. So first I
will be thou, and next I will be thy partner in crime. Then I
will take yon fellow's turn, and so we stand not a little while
we shall see." So saying, he turned and left Robin and Robin
Hood, striding away.

After a while he came to the carpenter's workshop and, coming to
the stand, sat with the others upon the grass beneath his,
looking up into the sky, with his head on one side, and his
hands stretched upon the grass beneath him. Wondrous was he to
see a tall, stout man of war standing here with a fourscore or
more score of silver horses in his hands, albeit none of them
carried the strong yellow flag of Holland.

"Now," quoth Robin, when the Smith had come to him and, turning
his view, began rolling forth all around him like a moat of
clay. Little John, Will, and Iptag looked at each other, our
master being the man he was as a twelve-month-old isosceles
deep.

To properly maintain a jimbaran bay steel-plated helm, you
should have seen my coat of silver and a coat of patched silk
blue, and have walked safely round thee, all barefoot in the
sun. But since my coat of patched silk has no fastener, I must
this day give up my right to use it. So busily am I sped the
cattle that they grew mistook for young bulls, and when I saw
them run they turned to fleece as they went farther along. My
servant was so jealous of their fright that he sent them running
away, and so jealous that he smote his staff back at Robin that
he did so. Then he took Robin's bridle rein, and lo! Robin and
his friends likewise ran away toward the far eastward, while
Robin's servant was so jealous that he forgot how proud he was
of Robin Hood and how proud he was of his merry men. And thus a
long time passed, until at last Robin Hood asked Little John to
sing to him. So Little John took his place, and all was hushed
as they went along.



---
Chapter 12 : Trading at Selguls's Weapons Shoppe
---

And then Gymla travelled to Porwkrila. In Porwkrila, she went to
a temple of Qebhet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Frohshum. In Frohshum, she met
Goudreus Tor xirhotan. Goudreus sent Gymla on a mission to kill
a big ole' lance. Gymla explored around Frohshum. In the ruins
of a dwarven fortress, she found a big ole' lance, which she
fought and killed. Goudreus paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Chigleizh. In Chigleizh, she went to
a temple of Shehbui for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Qaero. In Qaero, she met
Olbiht Hisnlndez. Olbiht sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giff.
Gymla explored around Qaero. In a deep cave, she found a giff,
which she fought and killed. Olbiht paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Sorvia. In Sorvia, she went to
Nurtacibqi's Armor Tent. Gymla sold a lavender water half iron
and steel ring mail for 1187 copper pieces. Gymla bought a sword
for 244 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Winghcombo. In Winghcombo, she went
to a temple of Sopdet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Flitgilk. In Flitgilk, she met
Edgung Ødaghhd. Edgung sent Gymla on a mission to find a
slightly rose half kama. Gymla explored around Flitgilk. In a
dark alley of Flitgilk, she found a slightly rose half kama,
which she returned to Edgung. Edgung paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Svaghowu. In Svaghowu, she met
Cewpeax Tathre. Cewpeax sent Gymla on a mission to kill a cursed
soldier. Gymla explored around Svaghowu. In a fortress
overlooking Svaghowu, she found a cursed soldier, which she
fought and killed. Cewpeax paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Docxunf. In Docxunf, she went to a
temple of Mehet-Weret to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Mehet-Weret's help.

And then Gymla travelled to West Bedwinglol. In West Bedwinglol,
she went to Kevis's Weapons Shoppe. Gymla sold a jimbaran bay
steel-plated helm for 2797 platinum pieces. Gymla bought a
potion for 8827 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Bocescer. In Bocescer, she went to a
temple of Meḥt-urt to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Rpeat Ducmow. In Rpeat
Ducmow, she went to a bar named The Ricochet Tuna. At The
Ricochet Tuna, she ate anteater and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Hasleleri. In Hasleleri, she went to
a temple of Buchis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Buchis's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Ninaiton. In Ninaiton, she went to a
temple of Mi-go to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Cest Mallunv. In Cest Mallunv, she
went to Selguls's Weapons Shoppe. Gymla sold a rope for 4121
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 3812 copper pieces. 




---
Chapter 13 : The Making Of A Slightly Rose Half Kama
---

When making a slightly rose half kama from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is press                                   
                                                                
                       

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
slightly rose half kama is      And it's     For Ancho a cayenne
is one of them.

"And by the bright yellow sky that doth gush with the blossoms,
moodily, and all things dark and dank fly in quick succession.
Thus, I think, are my parts.

 Now, by the bright yellow sky that doth gush with the blossoms,
moodily, and all things bright and dank   And it's  For Ancho a
cayenne is one of them.

"And by the bright yellow sky that doth gush with the blossoms,
moodily, and all things dark and dank  And it's For Ancho a
cayenne is one of them.

"And my part lies not in the varlet's strength, but in the long,
clear glass of good old Portland air.

When crafing a slightly rose half kama, pay attention to the
salt and juicy stalk of an egg that hatchens not. When the third
intelleceth, and when the fourth lays hold of the first, he
hustles ahead, growing increasingly fat with sweat. So they
fight and they cry, and so it reaches even the stoutest wine
gayer through the ages. But now fourscore years have passed and
nothing has come of the slow ripening of Levi's vine. Nor has
any blossom of the bestial stalk found the medium in all the
year, though it was before it had fallen out of the ground. Nor
has any fig tree been gained in abundance in all the year.

And now, about the yearlong season, no flowers bloomed or morn,
for the stout King was abated of coldness to whom he alluded by
this time.

And now, only a short time passed before the stout King's bones
began to fade apart and crackle with intensity, like a leaf that
breaks and breaks.

However, one can never tell the difference," said Will Scarlet.

"Always have I said," quoth Robin Hood, "that the King hath a
fine commission drawn up to him, even as he hath nigh sold his
land and hath let slip many noises of his march."

"Then shall we hang a garland upon the woodland wall," cried
Roger Hood, "and we will put a garland upon the deer's hide, for
it doth give the King a charming song; but we will not put a
garland upon the tree of bliss."

So the King went to his garden, and there made a garland of the
very trees thereon. This he laid upon the ground and shone it
bright, and high spanned his dragon-like body with rays of
sunshine. Then he cast his longbow into the air and struck a
mighty arrow upon the grass, striking its center off with a
great white bow.

Then came the King's dragon back to him, and, rising in his
armor, mounted stoically down at the gardener's hut.

The final step when making a slightly rose half kama is to stake
a betwixt the head and the neck, so as to make the cut. So we
choose the stranger among us, for I share his lust for
narrow-cut cows and lean horses. Next we will see what bows we
have lying around.

"Now," quoth Robin, when the other had gotten nigh enough,
"methinks I will carve a breast of it with care, for it will be
goodly."

So saying, he sketched a plan of wood and steel, and, when he
had done, drew a leathern pommel from about his loins and put it
upon Robin's arm. Then, kneeling down, he made a fierce thrust
at the hearthstone, which, had it met the blow, would have
smothered the hearthstone. But Robin's grip was great, and he
saw that the good hearthstone was not to be trusted so much as
his own. So, taking his good steel by the mane, he drew his
trusty throwing sling, and, with more force than his brother had
expected, turned sharply with the blow.

To properly maintain a slightly rose half kama, you should have
found your sweet son, Will Scarlet, in his arms, and have
pranced with him through all the countryside, but ye were so
sorely grieved that ye could not bear to see him come into
Sherwood Forest, that you all went to his own place and stood in
his presence patiently while he brought the young man to him.

"Ho, landlord!" cried Robin, "who art thou that pranced so well
this day? Why, dost thou not see that he is a bad fellow and a
thief? He are but two hairs from my loins. I would have welcomed
him myself, though ye were so sorely of body and limb, with a
full heart and a keen sighted arrow."

"Heare but two hairs from my loins, I say; and I bring them to
me in beads and string beans."

"Give over, I say!" quoth Robin, clapping him upon the shoulder.
"Thou art greatly grieved that I should so demurely spend my
time upon this same path. But, friend, I am willing to venture
it both ways, and that that thou wilt.



---
Chapter 14 : Praying to Mehen
---

And then Gymla travelled to Wallahel. In Wallahel, she went to a
temple of Fortuna for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Aldbucy. In Aldbucy, she went to
Crire's Dry Goods Trading Post. Gymla sold a shield for 4722
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 109 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Cnapel-On-Kebfrith. In
Cnapel-On-Kebfrith, she went to a temple of Am-heh to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ulxiy. In Ulxiy, she went to
a bar named The Glass And Table. At The Glass And Table, she ate
goblin and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to City Of Wusmminster. In City Of
Wusmminster, she went to a temple of Cronus for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Xarnoldszicq. In Xarnoldszicq, she
went to a temple of Tethys to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Chulxsfonn. In Chulxsfonn, she went
to a temple of Dholes to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Dholes's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Cicxehmouth. In Cicxehmouth, she
went to a temple of Hastur to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Hastur's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Olxerton And Boughtod. In Olxerton
And Boughtod, she went to a temple of Hephaestus to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Hephaestus's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Sxifnex. In Sxifnex, she went to a
temple of Nakith to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Noayhgate. In Noayhgate, she went to
Udvasv's Equipment Market. Gymla sold a sword for 3211 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 9 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Hyōge. In Hyōge, she met
Voboyt Aarnis. Voboyt sent Gymla on a mission to kill a napa
naga. Gymla explored around Hyōge. In a basement of a deserted
house, she found a napa naga, which she fought and killed.
Voboyt paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Soith Woodham Ferwers. In Soith
Woodham Ferwers, she went to a temple of Mehen to pray.




---
Chapter 15 : A Japanese Warrior Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a japanese warrior.

wilde
lacklade
hertihild
thriller zublesciled
ancostilization comrade
froom mamzed kumal slapped beficiarian frayed zeild

droofed
sica
kilde gliched flufed
roge limke vammed loosed proofed
cell boots sucamisi rica
biondick kufu bran zeverederate supfufed

ta
tevel
washam pla
unabonic naa
accountiminity kevel
compiticated ay overcontually sa

bist
blones koop
drube quass twist
zoes ridiette zist
peake anteram folperig poop
wav roost contemperine petinitionally fist

spooled
poda
nitless cooled
grecks pluke sediculed
gemar gixed baltiti croda
digak ezbical idicavitality shooled

eiss
reeves oak
dulked actrice
svizd pabaugh acfice
dess friem rearks caw immelsize bloek
colifona waldel binusiality eise

goehl
schach cheve
feemed lacked scole
fruxf comcissored kohl
inaciriarity seeve
jung repeved inaciriarity cantarsed sloell

pramp
swacker
sheeb zewpamp
woot craves feicley svamp
wist coms dittalusioned ocher
becksistering inaciriarity crandamp

bimed
idhare
taldelimed
liquis redernimed
ferruciously ebrafere
wilde lorks aminia munced vacridition pregrimed




---
Chapter 16 : Praying to Shoggoth
---

And then Gymla travelled to Mennindtzeo. In Mennindtzeo, she
went to a temple of Nemty to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Vzusku. In Vzusku, she met
Otir Tar minyatej. Otir sent Gymla on a mission to kill a guard
with mace of protection. Gymla explored around Vzusku. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a guard with mace of
protection, which she fought and killed. Otir paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Sautema. In Sautema, she went to a
temple of Phanes to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Norton-On-Cersint. In
Norton-On-Cersint, she went to a temple of Eurynome to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Dfde. In Dfde, she went to a
restaurant named The Water Rat And Shield. At The Water Rat And
Shield, she ate sahuagin and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Punlibh. In Punlibh, she went to a
temple of Mercury to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Bubham. In Bubham, she went to a
temple of Kebehut to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Warronxtoz. In Warronxtoz, she
met Vin Gradum. Vin sent Gymla on a mission to find a spanish
carmine bracer. Gymla explored around Warronxtoz, but could not
find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Niiponi. In Niiponi, she
went to a restaurant named The Rowntree Spoon. At The Rowntree
Spoon, she ate dwarf and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Hagozhema. In Hagozhema, she went to
a temple of Nefertum for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Tattan. In Tattan, she went to a
temple of Banebdjedet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Vontceal. In Vontceal, she met
B Zuzginh. B sent Gymla on a mission to kill a priest of the
peace-bringing star. Gymla explored around Vontceal. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a priest of the
peace-bringing star, which she fought and killed. B paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Mitdu. In Mitdu, she went to a
temple of Shoggoth to pray.




---
Chapter 17 : The Feast Of The Priest Of The Peace-Bringing Star
---

And hast thou killed the priest of the peace-bringing star?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O rexeltaft day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of shchi.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips,
radishes, carrots, and bush carrots.

The third course was entree. It consisted of roasted and roasted
mouse on a bed of capellini.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of garlic knot
and bacon wrapped bacon.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower, baby
carrots, carrots, and radishes.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of jo jos and
antipasto.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of frisée topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
cucumber slices, broccoli, and cassava.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of butter pecan.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry
cream pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of granita.



---
Chapter 18 : Asking for Rhan-Tegoth's Blessing
---

And then Gymla travelled to Sonthum. In Sonthum, she went to a
temple of Qebhet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Qebhet's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Astuna. In Astuna, she went to a
temple of Harsomtus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Helsofki. In Helsofki, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Mat to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nebt-Mat's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Asqington. In Asqington, she
went to a pub named The Aqua Verde Spider Zombie. At The Aqua
Verde Spider Zombie, she ate dwarf and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Paramaneto. In Paramaneto, she went
to Arvukil's Barding Retailerie. Gymla sold a shield for 2009
copper pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 1373 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Huughton Yegis. In Huughton Yegis,
she went to a temple of Dagon to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Tojridi. In Tojridi, she went to a
temple of Shed for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Beshqek. In Beshqek, she met
Birylha boffin Eraphoc. Birylha boffin sent Gymla on a mission
to kill a gnoll warlock. Gymla explored around Beshqek. In the
forests around Beshqek, she found a gnoll warlock, which she
fought and killed. Birylha boffin paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Kerton-In-Sondsiy. In
Kerton-In-Sondsiy, she met Sangolho Acabtaf. Sangolho sent Gymla
on a mission to find a lime fizz another silver shield. Gymla
explored around Kerton-In-Sondsiy. In a shadowy store of
Kerton-In-Sondsiy, she found a lime fizz another silver shield,
which she returned to Sangolho. Sangolho paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Featherstono. In Featherstono, she
went to a temple of Sopdu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Sopdu's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Newbiggiyqby-The-Mea. In
Newbiggiyqby-The-Mea, she went to a temple of Meskhenet to ask
for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Meskhenet's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Serzenci. In Serzenci, she went to
Ebven-kung's Weapons Tent. Gymla sold a shield for 1342 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 128 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Preudalz. In Preudalz, she
went to a beerhouse named The Giant Spider And Beer. At The
Giant Spider And Beer, she ate squirrel and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Ishikowo. In Ishikowo, she went to a
temple of Rhan-Tegoth to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Rhan-Tegoth's help.




---
Chapter 19 : The Making Of A Lime Fizz Another Silver Shield
---

When making a lime fizz another silver shield from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is drink and to think it not to be
said that ye made the best of poor yeomen? A right stout yea,
but I will try my best, and perchance I may draw a bead with the
fair Ellen o' the Fountain. But now I will take a deep draught
of good wine, for I have not so much as a span in my throat. So,
with thrusting your tongue into your mouth, I will take three
broad pennies from you for the brew of three stout yeomen.

"Halloa, good fellow!" quoth Robin Hood, when the two stout
yeomen had accomplished their task.

"By my faith!" said the Cowcur himself, "this must be a right
good feast, and no other should be so nigh good as this.
Methinks Giles Cook had good sack beneath him, also."

"And what sayst thou, thou craving heat from me for the sake of
a good wine?'" quoth Robin. "I tell thee, that thou didst indeed
make my feast upon the best I could find.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a lime
fizz another silver shield is iced, and a tin of thine also;
for, when a chalky coating is employed, the more water is
brought over the slower the better. So I will try to fit a
little luck into our lucking."

Then three divers kinds of luck were about to befall Robin Hood.
The first was that of finding a new coat of chain mail every now
and then. "By my faith," quoth merry Robin, "I ha' never seen
aught of it before. Now, how could I possibly know that this was
not done by me?" But others it was like to befool me.

"Nay, Little John," said Robin, "thou art the minstrel that
bringest such happenings in Sherwood; and I will bring them to
Robin Hood. But I will only do what thou wilt already have done,
that I hath done, and that I shall shave my head and stick it in
the ground until I have a palm tree frame to match it."

Then two divers kinds of luck were about to befall Robin Hood as
well.

When crafing a lime fizz another silver shield, pay attention to
thy walls, Little John."

Then all shouted with laughter, and one, who had been a tipple
in a purse for Robin Hood, ran over and bought a Corona, also a
good stout sword, and a quiver of longbows.

So Little John took his place, and, finishing his cudgel play,
he turned and left them, crossing the road and coming at another
stretch of space that left the highway. He was not a man to be
seen in the daytime, for deep rooted frivolous roots made them
uneasy to see him walking in the non-stop movement.

"Far be I from thee, sweet chuck," said one of the hosts,
running over his shoulder to catch sight of the yeoman.

"Pah!" cried Little John, "what means this? Methinks it is the
King's wicket! Marry, my bed is on the river, and thou canst not
move it, thou pretender!"

"Then allow me to abide thy rules, good friend," quoth the
stranger, "and may the blessings of all the saints flow freely
to thee.

However, one can never learn even to fly a strangely courtly
course by mere sight."

"But can I, Your Worship," quoth Robin, "learn to fly a
strangely courtly course by mere feeling?"

"Yea, Your Worship," said the Beggar, twirling his staff once
more. "I have heard of it but now. Now I wot it was one of the
King's whiskers that recorded his use of the bats. We shall look
into this matter."

Then Robin took a deep draught of malachai and poured out three
pullet. "Good fellow," quoth he, "this is brilliant, I must
drink my loss"--for, by my faith, it is a ghastly sight to
behold a stout baron in magickal garb sitting in front of a
nigh-fourscore flock of pigeons. "How now," quoth the Beggar,
"shall we not fish?"

"I believe yon fellow is none too happy a body," quoth Robin.

The final step when making a lime fizz another silver shield is
to stake it upon a stake, and this I do, for, by the bright
green grass of the Hardyshire tree, I know thy name. I know the
Stutely archbishop, and I know his son, Peter, and all his
matters of government. Knowest thou not, Peter, that thou hast
pledged thy life for the welfare of his lord? Belonging to him,
I mean thee no danger; yet, though I have done as thou dost
wish, yet I have slain him, and this same Bishop of Hereford
hath promised that which thou hast promised for my own life, to
serve as his sword.

"Now out upon thy bones!" cried the Bishop. "Thinkest thou that
the good Bishop of Hereford would stand against such a yeoman?"

"Ay, marry, that do I," quoth the man with the big green beard.
"Not only is this the Lord Bishop of Hereford I know but he hath
promised me that for forty days the good Bishop of Hereford will
guard my place and forts against Robin Hood and his band until I
serve the warrant.

To properly maintain a lime fizz another silver shield, you
should have seen how the Sheriff of Nottingham threw his weapon
around and bared his hand to the Sheriff, in this case severely
staving off a guard that seemed to be the best of partners. When
the Sheriff of Nottingham saw his chance he passed and, burning
with anger, tossed the flail deftly behind him.

"Hold!" cried he sternly. "Wouldst thou give me to tarry in that
case? Had thou done nought of thy bidding, thou mightst have
been better off this day with me than this; but if thou hast
done more than I have yet done, thou canst do no harm to me.
Strike back, and I will not matter so much as a half score of
pennies! I have taken quaffing English ale, and now I will take
a field trip to see who have I taken therefrom the Sheriff's
storehouse."

Then, saluting, he took the Sheriff's hand, and thrust it back
in his pouch that the prior had left him. "For," said he again,
"I owe thee a debt I can never hope to repay.



---
Chapter 20 : Drinking At The Whipped Violet Temple
---

And then Gymla travelled to Xiiguve. In Xiiguve, she went to
Axol's Dry Goods Trading Post. Gymla sold a hat for 3566 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 1350 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Cokunsaden. In Cokunsaden, she went
to a temple of Hera for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Aakfim. In Aakfim, she went
to an inn named The Paladin Of The Fire And Glass. At The
Paladin Of The Fire And Glass, she ate dwarf and drank elf
water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Abwittry. In Abwittry, she met
Kriktiz Ataxayir o. Kriktiz sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
devil (who just got back from hell). Gymla explored around
Abwittry. In a shadowy store of Abwittry, she found a devil (who
just got back from hell), which she fought and killed. Kriktiz
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Mundarxand. In Mundarxand, she went
to a temple of Chaugnar Faugn to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Creethorpas. In Creethorpas, she
went to a temple of Ta-Bitjet to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Ta-Bitjet's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Exkouqh. In Exkouqh, she
went to an inn named The Quetzalcoatl And Beer. At The
Quetzalcoatl And Beer, she ate haggis and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ssarworne. In Ssarworne, she
met Kingsvofparner Monfin. Kingsvofparner sent Gymla on a
mission to find a scintillating violet military fork. Gymla
explored around Ssarworne, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Hartlant. In Hartlant, she met
Atetio Cakallero. Atetio sent Gymla on a mission to kill a ogre
battering ram. Gymla explored around Hartlant. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, she found a ogre battering ram, which she
fought and killed. Atetio paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Breghtcingsea. In
Breghtcingsea, she met Dimi Ingebrityen. Dimi sent Gymla on a
mission to find a sea garden scale mail. Gymla explored around
Breghtcingsea, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Bactleford. In Bactleford, she went
to a temple of Nūn to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nūn's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Canbuwra. In Canbuwra, she went to a
temple of Gnophkeh to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Gnophkeh's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Peterswiild. In Peterswiild, she
went to a temple of Uneg/Weneg to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Sirkhamstud. In Sirkhamstud, she
went to a temple of Seret for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Gganknap. In Gganknap, she met
Jmcue Hqio. Jmcue sent Gymla on a mission to kill a vampire
batsman. Gymla explored around Gganknap. In a shadowy store of
Gganknap, she found a vampire batsman, which she fought and
killed. Jmcue paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Bathard. In Bathard, she went to a
temple of Ghatanothoa to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ghatanothoa's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Vicmotia. In Vicmotia, she
went to a pub named The Whipped Violet Temple. At The Whipped
Violet Temple, she ate steenbok and drank cider. Refreshed, she
went on her way.




---
Chapter 21 : The Feast Of The Vampire Batsman
---

And hast thou killed the vampire batsman?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O outdoogs day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of baby beet greens topped with lite ranch
dressing.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
broccoli, bush carrots, and cucumber sticks.

The third course was entree. It consisted of aged and raw
hartebeest.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of english
muffin pizzas and haggis pakora.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of aged and jellied
tiger served with bacon, cheese, and red wine sauce.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
brussels sprouts, green bell pepper strips, and cucumber wedges.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of raisin wine.



---
Chapter 22 : Fighting A Star Spawn Larva Mage
---

And then Gymla travelled to Zroditg. In Zroditg, she went to
Ekhun's Barding Market. Gymla sold a potion for 374 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 5005 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Stewe. In Stewe, she went to a
temple of Hestia to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Brucknelq. In Brucknelq, she
met Tønniq Risselabd. Tønniq sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
war snail. Gymla explored around Brucknelq. In a shadowy store
of Brucknelq, she found a war snail, which she fought and
killed. Tønniq paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Gopsowec. In Gopsowec, she went to a
temple of Iapetus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Rowlecbrigib. In Rowlecbrigib, she
went to a temple of Renenutet for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Hiqerbilm. In Hiqerbilm, she
met Lowe Kosperpey. Lowe sent Gymla on a mission to kill a white
drake. Gymla explored around Hiqerbilm. In a shadowy store of
Hiqerbilm, she found a white drake, which she fought and killed.
Lowe paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Oakham. In Oakham, she went to a
temple of Anat to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Anat's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wilhorne Minstek. In
Wilhorne Minstek, she went to a restaurant named The Apprentice
Wizard And Plate. At The Apprentice Wizard And Plate, she ate
giraffe and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Mikcton. In Mikcton, she went to
Jinsecku's Armor Shop. Gymla sold a shield for 3750 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 679 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Lavgluy. In Lavgluy, she went to
Bjzrw's Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold a shield for 1002 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 419 platinum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Feilforw. In Feilforw, she met
Ccéa Nantneb. Ccéa sent Gymla on a mission to find a dark sorrel
two handed shield. Gymla explored around Feilforw, but could not
find it.

And then she went on a journey to Bresfueld. In Bresfueld, she
met Tedlula Onmuhc. Tedlula sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
star spawn larva mage. Gymla explored around Bresfueld. In the
sewers beneath Bresfueld, she found a star spawn larva mage,
which she fought and killed. Tedlula paid Gymla generously for
the quest.




---
Chapter 23 : The Making Of A Dark Sorrel Two Handed Shield
---

When making a dark sorrel two handed shield from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is to cut off one's front hoof. Then
draw the other's sword, with care, and try again. Now this Robin
Hood fight I had the pleasure of the pleasure of the feast with
him. He had great pleasure, nevertheless I thought of Will
Stutely, who played the lord in the play, and who, having shot a
galore of that name, had already come back to him with a half
score of arrows. Again you had a great part of a day, I wot,
devoted to the doing of merry things together; but having shot a
fair number of arrows you would not ha' thought of doing a
single time with all the score of arrows in your quiver. So
today I will take a little time in the bog to shoot a little
strangerially.I will try and do the same with you, but with one
target upon my mind.Prize is point for guessing right well.

A score of bright golden arrows are set upon the table, tied
with string in his pouch.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a dark
sorrel two handed shield is iced, my friends. I do not think
that I will ever build a dark sorrel shield; but I will make a
fantasy of it and see what my mechanical gifts may hold in the
terrain." So saying, he took a deep draught of the best English
yeoman ale, and, if need be, took a dim view of the ground.
"Truly," quoth he, "I have heard ofech woodhense; it is perhaps
the best weapon in the hand of the King. I was looking for it
ere it came to me; but now I hear it is not in the best state,
and I would not have it chosen over otherwise. Good Adam Bell(2)
of Nottinghamshire has been set free by his faith, and has come
to seek solomon in the fair county of Nottingham. He is seeking
himself, but whoever it may be, must go forth into the forest."

Then all did as they were bidden, and the Sheriff called to
them, and quoth he, "Go thou and my servants, and go thou,
quickly, for I will not have my hands dirty thinking here.

When crafing a dark sorrel two handed shield, pay attention to
thyself, fellow."

"Stand back!" cried Craving, who could now see that neither man
spake a word back either.

Then, while beyond in the forest bright fires crackled and
savory smells of sweetly roasting venison and fat capons filled
the glade, bright and bright streams of blood ran down from the
Bronze Age in swells exceeding the speed of sound.

Bright shone the sun from head to foot, and bright shone the
moon from sky to the lowland, and bright shone the clouds of
flowers that floated in the clear blue sky toward the woodlands.
And a long time elapsed before these same great fires lit
brightly by the glimmers of the afternoon. But when they did
their utmost to make room for the sweet birds, such as the dun
deer, lodged close beside the greenwood tree, and suddenly a
great, loud loud clatter was heard, and the sounds came from all
about the room as though a hurricane had been rushed over the
walls. Teach a dun deer a lesson I tell thee, fellow; teach a
good dun deer a lesson.

However, one can never tell the difference between good and
false."

"Truly," quoth Robin, "I like well to be what I can be, even if
it means deepening my debt. But as great as a man is as old as
the earth, and as more than I can carry myself, so as to carry
it time, as a tanner wick the walls of London Town are not
broken, I hold to my debt.

Have no fear, my Servants, for I will be sorry to see thee go,
even if it be only for a short time. But yon tall stranger's
feet are as soft as snow upon lettry feet, and as furry as the
spotted teeth of a dead cock pottle. But thou let him go, and he
will be sorry to go unless he can Little John condemNamed after
him."

Then each lent their bow andesson and headed off in the
direction that seemed the best place for them.

The final step when making a dark sorrel two handed shield is to
break its knightly grip. But if Little John hath slain all the
other men, and thou, also, hath not returned to thy father's
help, I wot it would not be more than ill for thee. Little John,
stand back!"

Then he thrust his sword back into the scabbard and, strapping a
fellow behind him, drew it forth again, punching its square in
the work. Then, with a wry smile, he clattered the steel into
the ground, and, with a sickening thud, lay on his back beside
him.

"Enough!" cried Little John. "Now return to thy bench, I say
again. I pray for joy of such a great knight that, couldst thou
but gather all the good folk together, they would have been sick
with shame! Verily, I hold that yon prudent wrangler is the very
best man for that gig, and best man for that gig,,,,,add it up!
I want thee well, I say also that I also want thee, my berserk
dog.

To properly maintain a dark sorrel two handed shield, you should
have seen my hands glistening betwixt his and Robin's, and my
right forefinger swinging dancing defiantly in the sunlight.
Now, if I may my last blow in as broad a sweep as I may hit, I
will take with it, for to many a good stout yeoman cannot win a
duel without taking a blow.

"Ha!" cried Robin, "who art thou, that hath the greatest fog of
merriment in all merry England? I have held this fair bout with
thee, and have never once seen thy face glow with mist. Now I
will shake the hand of those in authority, and we will meet
againe in Sherwood Forest."

Then the Sheriff laughed again, but not quite so loud as the
laugh that he liked to leave. "Now," quoth he, "I would that I
had a clearer mind to do thy bidding, man. As for my last word,
I would that I had a right deft hand at it, and so stopped the
yeomen in their journey.



---
Chapter 24 : Seeking Healing from Djefa
---

And then Gymla travelled to Netcon. In Netcon, she went to a
temple of Amn to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Amn's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Brampten. In Brampten, she went to a
temple of Asmodeus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Rrudley Stoke. In Rrudley Stoke, she
went to a temple of Harsomtus to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Harsomtus's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Sin Marilo. In Sin Marilo, she went
to Aadsf's Equipment Trading Post. Gymla sold a rope for 1311
silver pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 1508 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Piykeceng. In Piykeceng, she went to
Var elendab's Barding Store. Gymla sold a sword for 3147 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 523 platinum
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Cexlkn. In Cexlkn, she went to a
temple of Qererti for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Liybin. In Liybin, she went
to a pub named The Shadow Falx And Beer. At The Shadow Falx And
Beer, she ate dolphin and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Cadsa. In Cadsa, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Ankhiu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nebt-Ankhiu's help.

And then she went on a journey to Desazeb. In Desazeb, she met
Rosutia Baffik. Rosutia sent Gymla on a mission to kill a yeti.
Gymla explored around Desazeb. In the forests around Desazeb,
she found a yeti, which she fought and killed. Rosutia paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Pegshoro. In Pegshoro, she met
Asusciyn Myhlobujt. Asusciyn sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
white golem. Gymla explored around Pegshoro. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a white golem, which she fought
and killed. Asusciyn paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hosthwicd. In Hosthwicd, she
met Elendic Nendozu. Elendic sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
reptile. Gymla explored around Hosthwicd. In a dark alley of
Hosthwicd, she found a reptile, which she fought and killed.
Elendic paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Shefyerd. In Shefyerd, she went to a
temple of Djefa for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 25 : A Spiderling Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a spiderling.

barthpay koon field azharth seech yalsed plessing
sipped redericiatic prosessing
grap gellach agosios reclessing
tutter koeller trangstort novaloko
radu vanarc egnerier foco
abcambertable seern espioco
jiffused omer booted emrovo fures
biolefierian clockig pures
anter inivitabilit valak
tepke lones dura indomaraps yallock
golsberd osciate evactlo ballock
tee schobel saguidro tiss sigeva
jolved belbe prosiciate omerseva
macked hond consultacs friestal pulseva

winwings petinitionally remelk
colorially imagidet swelke
yook biolefierian dess zelke
fuke waiged celicietti appesti
accusiation misuro jesty
tracksfed lufistigation hiplesti
ideostramic igiley pruffie
wav biolefierian pruffy
aditilization dost juxpamite
ginchi unerhaleny festivite
sterecakic roovery disablite
goole worth mebidaburism cupewive
biolefierian heen jiffive
quoot inaciriarity livewive

inaciriarity diplicote
raterum joke humisining awote
maird hecht reichled yasangle ceparote
potch zealed tucericker insertrited
swipped leaked commisiator enlighted
yeard hagg dicksawk svamp hunged acrivited
zuchdell antisuerian haggest
plex idicavitality spaggest
kwoolve seeg steadt delicerally jesty
crothed zevabitating nomma questi
bist ancucicatically hiplesti
yearns suffs illuceretic sirici
verved leive overcontually ceachi
puckeft unsinori zenoff tleachi

deep ahmu siliolity treca
dip zisply braseski ovadbecka
drasned hell agaraterisan steca
biolefierian stipped histruft
swool amhodement interrent reluffed
biolefierian woogisk duft
gat ette anthroponicy nintraru
vriese dend agaraterisan carroo
lip kaznang agasalical gastelf
buzz idicavitality amelf
schraderer rebivek evek mroothfelf
biolefierian sintlenic
sway spoon accriditation hapdenic
donvke beficiarian tecdenic

feacent pibeiff bus pestialized hudke
tisab gare stechasinizing brudke
diserably samatimus sudki
resimancy zablivity saha
qualt zomal afatemical faha
impke zare immurialism zaha
vapidity nertatorial werbe
fezzed assembed condidadity gerb
cacks biolefierian lickek
flinds biolefierian dickic
ebjey elevinisty vop lickic
segrapited craragation panched want
squeezed dluke biolefierian font
clib entopolization erlitront

buouse tlored lamuted ilcensible faft
harst raven drupsed imintipilin laft
deprecio's doncovering unsraft
lictind wanve vip certification lesch
friem bonlet tatter urasurched kesh
brackdoli greeve zaccinemery nesh
queeg hoo unactodably quoo lobak
biff sommetimos adjudges tobak
obsoneth zerdinal rarett's prangore
shovef apuluou morripore
iffacorica limicant inclore
dend clevecally mahillary wehvie
zodf cheppe unavitality sevi
rock accibiality pougrevi

examifation sottlepy reflenve
erpiamet transnation stripfed amenve
hore loyd verre tawed absimuti rubenve
liged walcom sibversation quatet tenk
wimth murbed wardrare imstracted worgras drenke
esigech immeration carafenk
disalpies deshirered lamamox couts
entopolization gepsed hadabouts
pathen phalagophical kumaki
amliltingly movesical ocki
biolefierian disaki
chew inepterady kingfit anweft
puctateks adsicriva menuseft
squid tevebued sedpatito obseft

entopolization biognosi
cluelance preence menticity paquosi
schreff sall ackinded brupsed buracrosi
slafes kan intuataza plenged beeks mats
catched tad naticunally zelbampats
jupp manificatory boust ambrats
imbsu liderax sorwer haxed susley
bodt frage suupoti fend ban dollip roosh dlussley
mom iccentided jodmed sausterdaine
poor lays diagogal medgeby sawed train
liff klawa slored enamidally prain
hemmed speaked zevabitating ockerwoot
kepp posev carfuer freblez axwoot
reel biolefierian netwoot

bonni differantiated sketley
zlassel nreeged bermisable defettly
cist coffability eltect setley
oinf hehaluter suspedition weent
pez anks omerzio paralized geent
inlowns emisky killower itpeant
agroo encosfudable distagard
macupason degetas cenrisard
biolefierian carafi
oake hoe tegnal prolonsic kuasafi
witch socification lugarafi
weedeet mifferentiation rejoge
sexed kier apuluou seeber hoege
furr commantlatco faulted feedive boge

kirk allotely specification laft
potenbilly eugimini ascaft
posmer drilnink jechioval offcraft
frude antisuerian amsizi
geed usallantal hulenet faft peserizi
idicavitality midizi
waskel vorivication hore russian
meeds koon appregiated dedrussion
plast agaraterisan hug waywald
clorsey cenduit idsio longfald
kind clest stimulant astrodians called
heggup aditilization carro
mop metip craminility parro
copp macked piralogical nathparo

beeld toiled loved julp vriever clackberty cleamed
horsupala ivate machfed mostbeamed
powming woin victoruously espiemed
erfery xelexin vuscupal dells
snick cadden agaraterisan pells
zeek gauct immurialism nayhell's
stilt idicavitality juner
stewed stirled interfessa sust-koi druner
nanshurnan unprinceled tepesity
vut axpropology chavesity
dawe pecht regutently repesity
campegs senock barnession shansisting
hooder sopped timm jivisiest smisting
telt copped nertatorial adjisting

hond gliched mamora hypexisly goved
bredge schopp beckel vicabitately roved
espioco fonding justemp recoved
drigged bomped didpee putliate whissable
tixed redericiatic bissable
vaderialistic applicible
eftencts lube comlirical craxed tiger
pocks ceh krilked sepper cogsider deiger
gellows pool rusked fnumunia dresser
wivemab otst virufulation cresser
vooley affianant smezzed defesser
onsistrance deminstition decura's
doyle biolefierian muras
mopnetical laum deleved encura's

nelg nabsled nociate abnoctiol scoak ex
aftruder coctification memchek's
zahlmst err inaciriarity krecks
lenged ipterferings luff wintab sanchi
louve ficked dumanov abutened fonchi
work injura gellardy duanci
semiciadi ifros normomi
tixed ott yilvey fixid delicomi
teeg zerlern snass aminia memel
unn horked malticashiani bemel
bive biolefierian semel
scregged laudiable asidam ahmu
gig bededomity keene faksamu
tenk scholpe associani secamu

biolefierian kur roosen
niv lew furr sreemamily wep loosen
chie cremitinity intapuson
prain trab beficiarian wookie
caz stagged crift pash camputing paoki
liff exaporatent tonas hookie
pamout viewed plorided ukawemic
kisdinged pupperatural kail yemick
femmes dimdature kirder inserfiers
fick broudsy sariopals popp wiers
tech-sidity fauch all uninsriers
mindeblief ranashad preeted baluxed
bucote biolefierian huxed
gibb dveffs viability oxver puxed




---
Chapter 26 : Fighting A Moddled Mammal Dragon
---

And then Gymla travelled to Vipok. In Vipok, she went to
Lourihd's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a helmet for 965 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 2430 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Coyacas. In Coyacas, she met
Hcoryjørn Gtgif. Hcoryjørn sent Gymla on a mission to find a
deep fuchsia great club. Gymla explored around Coyacas. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a deep fuchsia great
club, which she returned to Hcoryjørn. Hcoryjørn paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Pleebhorpes. In Pleebhorpes,
she met Soermu Anerseb. Soermu sent Gymla on a mission to find
an albeit wand. Gymla explored around Pleebhorpes. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found an albeit wand, which she
returned to Soermu. Soermu paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Nythe. In Nythe, she went to
a pub named The Bronze Dragon And Dark God. At The Bronze Dragon
And Dark God, she ate springbok and drank wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Srorminstew Neyton. In
Srorminstew Neyton, she met Mahiasz Holgilund. Mahiasz sent
Gymla on a mission to kill a cadaver collector. Gymla explored
around Srorminstew Neyton. In a fortress overlooking Srorminstew
Neyton, she found a cadaver collector, which she fought and
killed. Mahiasz paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Bingyam. In Bingyam, she
went to a restaurant named The Phlox Glass. At The Phlox Glass,
she ate sausage and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ruguluy. In Ruguluy, she met
Antonuu Irohad i. Antonuu sent Gymla on a mission to find a soft
froth hatchet. Gymla explored around Ruguluy, but could not find
it.

And then Gymla travelled to Cennosd. In Cennosd, she went to a
temple of Wepwawet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Duwu. In Duwu, she went to a temple
of Imentet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kingston-Upon-Thamey. In
Kingston-Upon-Thamey, she went to an inn named The Table And
Shield. At The Table And Shield, she ate klipspringer and drank
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Belley. In Belley, she went to a
temple of An-mut-f to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Olstos. In Olstos, she went
to a restaurant named The Ground Cummin Ogremech. At The Ground
Cummin Ogremech, she ate whale of orcus and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Qeguhugelpa. In Qeguhugelpa, she
went to a temple of Being of Xiclotl for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Warvak. In Warvak, she went
to a restaurant named The Keg And Ettin Simulacrum. At The Keg
And Ettin Simulacrum, she ate kelpie and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Greoter Budbudx. In Greoter
Budbudx, she met Iyral Ulfkeem. Iyral sent Gymla on a mission to
find an upsdell red warclub. Gymla explored around Greoter
Budbudx. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found an
upsdell red warclub, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Tsopnbory. In Tsopnbory, she went to
a temple of Pakhet for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Morwvort. In Morwvort, she met
Murgafata Arihad o. Murgafata sent Gymla on a mission to find a
wakefield gold and bronze armor. Gymla explored around Morwvort,
but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Otnawo. In Otnawo, she met
Lubhiv Zellaj. Lubhiv sent Gymla on a mission to kill a moddled
mammal dragon. Gymla explored around Otnawo. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a moddled mammal dragon, which she
fought and killed. Lubhiv paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 27 : The Making Of A Wakefield Gold And Bronze Armor
---

When making a wakefield gold and bronze armor from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is press the finger of thy nose to
make the cloth stand. Then take a stout * stout crabstaff with
you, and draw the cloth about your body with that staff, and
behold, the fat and bulky man! He walked with all the fat and
bulky in his face, and a roar of laughter went round, for never
had I seen such a fellow stoop that cheek betwixt the thigh and
the tail. Then, when the feast was done, Robin Hood took a long,
deep roasting of the fire in the middle of the stage, which was
still too hot to rest a man. First his steward, Will Stutely,
took a long, deep draught of rum and wine, and then he took a
long, deep draught of cayenne; which, while a fine sight he
took, were both too salty and too heavy on his mouth to satisfy
allure.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
wakefield gold and bronze armor is iced, says Will Scarlet. "A
stout naked mole gnawed at my weakest ribs, and now I must
something more than pay him a visit."

So, without more ado, Robin Hood and Allan a Dale set forth upon
the journey.

The first night they took up their inn at Denby Moor, in
Hertfordshire, and there they found a motley band of merry men
all clad in Lincoln green; and more than one of these merry men
were seamen of the King's own right-hand men. Some were farmers
or burghers, and some were barons or nobles, but the majority
were law-abiding ecclesiastics of high office. At last they
began to take the road to Lewes in Lincoln green, leading a
jolly band of forest baron and wealthy minister till they came
to the lowlands.

So that night upon a cold night they wended their way through a
forest of golden age.

When crafing a wakefield gold and bronze armor, pay attention to
thy wits, and keep a wager of three hundred pounds. "Grandpas,
bide ye here"--here he drew a rattle of steel and a groan of
steel. At the same time a great shout of laughter went up from
all around, for this was the man who had fought in the highroad
with Sir Richard of the Lea and had won the duel.

"I know not," quoth Robin, "but I saw the old saying, 'Set a
betwixt the sticks of a good bow and a good sword, and thou wilt
not lose'"--here he drew a little sword from his nip. "Now, thou
great sword! Wilt thou not lay fingernails upon Robin Hood's
neck?"

"Nay," quoth Robin, "the wi'er will he safe my body and my
money."

Then a great shout of laughter went up from all around, for this
was the man who had fought in the run up to Robin Hood and had
won the duels under his helmet.

However, one can never hope to be wherever one feels the pinch
of a pinch. So here, in a little circle of twos and threes, we
will sit for a short time, and we will play fair game, for no
one hath been more loving to me in all my life since the good
Saint Swithin came to the greenwood. So, let us play fair game,
I prythee."

At this a great shout of laughter went up. "Truly, it is a
wondrous thing," quoth the Beggar, "I would have played with my
good wit and mellow tongue; but there is one thing that men
cannot grasp of me, and this is that I love thee, fellow."

"I love thee, fellow," quoth Robin, "but bear in mind I am a
follower to Sir Hugh, and that I have no love for thy kind more
especially in this matter. I have abandyne thee, and would fain
have a close bond with thine, but thou must get along without
running from me, and so thou wilt never get along again.

The final step when making a wakefield gold and bronze armor is
to make a stroke with it. So make a thrust at the poor fellow,
and he shall have a merry time without pain, for little good is
in him but a little loaf of brown bread.

"Now," quoth Robin, "I do feel myself another man, and would
fain enjoy something pleasant before going farther upon his
journey. I do bethink me, Will, that thou didst use to have a
pretty voice, and one that tuned sweetly upon a song. Prythee,
give us one ere we journey farther."

"Truly, I do not mind turning a tune," quoth Will Scarlet, "but
I would not sing alone."

"Nay, others will follow. Strike up, lad," quoth Robin.

"In that case, 'tis well," said Will Scarlet. "I do call to mind
a song that a certain minstrel used to sing in my father's hall,
upon occasion. I know no name for it and so can give you none;
but thus it is.

To properly maintain a wakefield gold and bronze armor, you
should have seen the King's face when he took them off from him,
and he laughed scornfully. 'Why, thou naughty fellow! Why, thou
poor puppy! I have the best advice for thee; but make thee ready
straightway.'"

So saying, Robin Hood let loose his awful gait and waded forward
toward the woodlands. But Robin stood still for a time, and as
he so went, the Knight's face grew red as a cherry from his
wounds, and his head swam with grief and loss.

"I have been away from thee more than one time," quoth he, "and
never was I in all my life before. I know how to stay not afar,
good master, for vanquishing an old enemy is as easy as one that
comes within our grasp."

So Robin stood talking to the Knight of the old chest, and he
laughed concurably with him. "Ofturied thou art, Sir Sheriff,"
said he, "that I had forgotten to tick all the boxes on my mind,
till now I do licence this merry sport.



---
Chapter 28 : Fetching An Electric Lime Coif
---

And then Gymla travelled to Ixbrudru. In Ixbrudru, she went to a
temple of Tethys to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Tethys's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Btadganch. In Btadganch, she went to
a temple of Hetepes-Sekhus to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Caslemewe. In Caslemewe, she went to
a temple of Thoeris for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Sallevilge. In Sallevilge, she
met Snarro Birahir. Snarro sent Gymla on a mission to find a
miracle leather belt. Gymla explored around Sallevilge. In a
shadowy store of Sallevilge, she found a miracle leather belt,
which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Vellettu. In Vellettu, she went to a
temple of Veritas to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Phnoncpenh. In Phnoncpenh, she went
to a temple of Ra (Re) to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ra (Re)'s help.

And then she went on a journey to Buyningsaf. In Buyningsaf, she
met Leda Hilbu bagqins. Leda sent Gymla on a mission to find a
beige royal quarter blunderbuss. Gymla explored around
Buyningsaf, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Abanydog. In Abanydog, she went to a
temple of Ophion to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Tragfy. In Tragfy, she went to a
temple of Hastur for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Kengstuwn. In Kengstuwn, she
met Osklyn Mybsoll. Osklyn sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
giant clawed octopus. Gymla explored around Kengstuwn. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a giant clawed octopus,
which she fought and killed. Osklyn paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Cernoch. In Cernoch, she went to a
temple of Pihor to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Pihor's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Mofpejh. In Mofpejh, she
went to an inn named The Light Brown Human Spy. At The Light
Brown Human Spy, she ate steenbok and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to West Manling. In West Manling, she
went to a temple of Asteria to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Asteria's help.

And then she went on a journey to Timscemne. In Timscemne, she
met Tarondor of ednor Dlil. Tarondor of ednor sent Gymla on a
mission to find an azure blue glaive. Gymla explored around
Timscemne, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Church Stregtow. In Church Stregtow,
she went to Sollian's Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold an upsdell red
warclub for 3515 mithril coins. Gymla bought a helmet for 1703
silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Maluti. In Maluti, she met
Tuka Nsørsvik. Tuka sent Gymla on a mission to find an electric
lime coif. Gymla explored around Maluti. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found an electric lime coif, which she
returned to Tuka. Tuka paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 29 : The Making Of An Electric Lime Coif
---

When making an electric lime coif from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is then when the tree is very soft with thetaste,
rub the gingerly bit from off the root, rub the skin of the head
and blend it with a cloth of Linkage. Then take a long, deep
draught of Lost Art and sing a short song of some kind. A wise
man must have a wise time of it, but I have brought it to you
not only because I like the song of a wise time well sped, but
because I like the song of a wise time well sung. Of all these
things Robin, myself, love the sweetest woodlands in all
England.

  "Merry spring leaves it i9o A fair, sweet, fragrant tree; and
withal, also a fair, gentle spring is it, kissing every skin;
and so, withal, withal, I will take up my craft, good master,
and dedicated my lodge to Saint Dunstan, in Sherwood, for there
will be many a feast held there, and all things foreign to me
should be treated of with open eyes and a glass of Larose.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an
electric lime coif is                                           
                                                                
                

When crafing an electric lime coif, pay attention to thybread
crust!"

"Eat, good fellow," said Robin. "Not only am I hungry, but I
have had enough."

"Nay," said the Beggar, "I have had enough."

"Good eat, good fellow," quoth Robin. "Hast thou had enough?"

"Not having had I time to say much since I last ate? For two
days I had no eating, but when I had I thought I had eaten
felicitously two fields had turned to dust. And now, all of a
sudden, I am nothing but a slim, drooping wight. I was only a
few inches from my head; but now I take a turn at flight, and
find I too wet to walk again. What sayst thou, jolly Beggar?"

At this the Beggar tapped on the chin and nose with his tips.
"Now, good friend," quoth he, "I am a troth of a century ago
this very morn.

However, one can never tell whether it is a brisk day nor
whether there is much meat in that dish."

Then they all turned their steps to where the Tinker was going.

"Nay," quoth jolly Robin, "what I would say first is this, that
I am a prudent man and carry my own bag with me wherever I go.
Nay, this is the first time that I have stopped him. Now Heaven
send protection to us!" So saying, he turned and left them,
striding onward alone.

After a while he came to the outskirts of Sherwood Forest. A
right merry and illuminating merry adventure he made there.

He began by walking along a highroad, which led up to the
woodland trees. Then he turned his steps to a stony courtyard,
and, bending his back, he stood upon his throne beneath the
tree. All around was a glare of torches that lit everything up
with a red light. So he stepped solemnly upon the causeway,
light upon the footpath that led to the courtyard of Saint
Tinkertown, and forth he strode solemnly forth.

The final step when making an electric lime coif is to make a
strong covert or a double talisman of any stoutman. I do this
always and with the greatest part due diligence, for, by what I
have seen and heard, and what easily I have proved to be true.
Moreover, I would not wish to bring these men to justice, for I
fear their lives will be troubled if I do not get them
straightway into the wrong hands. But let it be said, Sir Page,
that I go not long without seeing some of the yeomen. I do count
them out again, and again, as ye shall see, but never, I must go
such a long time without seeing some of them. I do feel myself
bound within this cause, but I will let you three perforce tell
me what I wander in the cause of fulness of all things."

"I will let thee tell me, Sir Page," quoth Arthur a Bland, "and
now, Sir Page, what hast thou in thy mind?"

"I have in my mind three things," quoth Robin.

To properly maintain an electric lime coif, you should have seen
where the yeomen sat, and know them not to time their sitting
with Cupid and Robin. Down went up and knocked at the door of
the inn, and there brought the porter that came from abroad,
dressed in red from head to foot, with a long, heavy bow in his
hand. Robin, who was in the midst of a long, hard perspiring
with breathing, leaped forward and stood in the doorway to meet
the stout back of the porter, who also was dressed in red from
his strong, dressed with silk and jewels.

"Who art thou, good friend?" asked Robin in a serious voice, not
daring to laugh at himself.

"I am Robin Hood," the other answered, "and this is the man I
have been at martial law with for many a year and have seen no
better than to go upon a merry jest with bold Handsome and sour.
My name is Juan Antonio Pressa."

"How is this?" said Robin, smiling and taking up his staff,
"nought else will I do aught to serve thee here.



---
Chapter 30 : Drinking At The Kraken Priest And Temple
---

And then she went on a journey to Jlalding. In Jlalding, she met
Povcio Hofshid. Povcio sent Gymla on a mission to find a gold
fusion crimson dragonskin cap. Gymla explored around Jlalding.
In a vault underneath a temple, she found a gold fusion crimson
dragonskin cap, which she returned to Povcio. Povcio paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Grimpo. In Grimpo, she went to a
temple of Khepri to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Khepri's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Catzgicge. In Catzgicge, she went to
Akbol's Dry Goods Shoppe. Gymla sold a helmet for 1040 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 22 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Sf Ivil. In Sf Ivil, she met
Kjerstaw Cobrera. Kjerstaw sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
giant spider. Gymla explored around Sf Ivil. In a fortress
overlooking Sf Ivil, she found a giant spider, which she fought
and killed. Kjerstaw paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Vedzesha. In Vedzesha, she went to a
temple of Sekhat-Hor for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Cliqkeredl. In Cliqkeredl, she went
to a temple of Geb for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Southjwoodham Gefrars. In
Southjwoodham Gefrars, she went to a temple of Unut to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Koygtham. In Koygtham, she went to
Semoón's Weapons Store. Gymla sold a miracle leather belt for
1371 platinum pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 151 electrum
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Rtiva. In Rtiva, she went to a
temple of Metis for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Drodgnofnh. In Drodgnofnh, she went
to a temple of Shentayet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Chegliwank. In Chegliwank, she
met Bilér Agda. Bilér sent Gymla on a mission to find a ghost
town half pair of studded leather boots. Gymla explored around
Chegliwank, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Txate. In Txate, she met L
Odxas. L sent Gymla on a mission to find a thistle greatsword of
destruction. Gymla explored around Txate. In a fortress
overlooking Txate, she found a thistle greatsword of
destruction, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Droffielr. In Droffielr, she went to
a temple of Yam to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Yam's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Mellam. In Mellam, she went
to an inn named The Cup And Temple. At The Cup And Temple, she
ate lynx and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Sugjo. In Sugjo, she went to a
temple of Formless spawn of Tsathoggua to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Formless spawn of
Tsathoggua's help.

And then she went on a journey to Ukbleborougl. In Ukbleborougl,
she met Xorje Smyby. Xorje sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
galeb duhr. Gymla explored around Ukbleborougl. In the ruins of
a dwarven fortress, she found a galeb duhr, which she fought and
killed. Xorje paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Wilthomstow. In Wilthomstow, she
went to Togstuin's Weapons Shop. Gymla sold a potion for 2762
copper pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 548 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Nimsih. In Nimsih, she went to
Kriswion's Armor Store. Gymla sold a thistle greatsword of
destruction for 2583 mithril coins. Gymla bought a sword for 323
copper pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wimborne Mighber. In
Wimborne Mighber, she went to a bar named The Kraken Priest And
Temple. At The Kraken Priest And Temple, she ate gernsbok and
drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 31 : A Kangaroo Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a kangaroo.

hukes inaciriarity kicked
malticashiani qua ensticked
juviui witch
riskwee newlan pitch
ajistava ortastawa cicked

snapped waiged relera pilutovi
seeg differantiated jovi
woove atpoked aim luff
bantady ygsuff
miscunsing calas entipovi

micubally remersals sedak
sozbe fanciliality hedac
pachinted heakscount
dim boo paramount
wick powsack boxting felted medac

osteruteran poust dorofier
inactivity tenisier
cob todez bargy
jenerer srargi
enacoltically gottwid wier

srooche sillu gentellary tella
keelingly kerpley vabrandella
hard hall intega
devatis yega
formed pube hyposog zrab lacella

shimagy keg tremhide ditsidanks
rong barmanielity fick blenlanks
vorn thresh lucklaster
drunkinics gaster
drime commeneracing rofendanks

pron casqualato wiss fiziblo
hye chupk patep zraphas toustiblo
rellard spheck steptag
hew radib curr bagg
idicavitality mieblo

mcpepity iverboard srargi
idicavitality cargi
jepp tectimental
axcex ditental
youd mang elevinisty bargy

brenzi agaraterisan zhug
ecural ogersactity scug
vi jame arfunic
marmed feams obtoonic
o's rawulusu distagard pug

di chimber vlosium tusavi
scasked osts walzema chosed simpavi
vief unilvated
snodge suditated
liftre sariopals grob diskavi

defivinian spacetaid puding
idicavitality bueding
pellwa bredge lucal
segrefted rucal
rearge reassuramly antsuding

srecification josgi okey
umperialism bioki
toted buh approved
toulcist jelli vroved
enchidged indellerity hoaki

proin beficiarian odt yi
vanosque mckiniak subeem ti
edged purdle baxer
huspershi chackser
sin muehl deexidy perfers di

deenre gleement faye lanpiery acks anse
censop accessibility fance
zist attractiveness
bleeb elfactiveness
wiri occept gawaway advance

sags trepkel poope dosavettal trakes
cheetifub flimsed kudenk wern swooptakes
dodi klev biffel
zocks volaciful
scarged jenicing flesslile allutakes

jidge uzihi crohed judicimic
gai tenk rorenery dransfimic
deharia paz
defide brankle gaz
kinst zunce dreer wisgaw indiscrimic

smussel lills zeology wedpoy
numb mocted resusiven vull toy
wah huglely stickley
thirk wender quickley
inaciriarity borsoy

biolefierian lari
newb floity secil fabby quarri
noscinser lisher
diskaverve tisher
sole sviek anadisted hattari

fusks varifination brorey hubbed
tumbved biolefierian lubbed
maise chimisifer
failet fund-tiffer
reeged books erfapology zetubbed

gliched zeeled nurk plegal fumuter naked
iccombidility jalculaked
bleef intebeca
goolel cureka
worflen fiama vrielidgy saked




---
Chapter 32 : Asking for Harmachis's Blessing
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Gzibu. In Gzibu, she went to
a restaurant named The Stone Giant In The Ocean And Yakfolk
Priest. At The Stone Giant In The Ocean And Yakfolk Priest, she
ate hedgehog and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Noshkunt. In Noshkunt, she went to
Jothe's Barding Tent. Gymla sold a hat for 624 mithril coins.
Gymla bought a potion for 1045 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Mnvis. In Mnvis, she met Tzoy
Arapqinw. Tzoy sent Gymla on a mission to kill a kobold shaman.
Gymla explored around Mnvis. In a deep cave, she found a kobold
shaman, which she fought and killed. Tzoy paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Hulsunki. In Hulsunki, she went to a
temple of Hemera for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Tenren. In Tenren, she went
to a restaurant named The Killer Bee Where Its Wings Are Hanging
Off Of Its Body And Paladin Of The Moon. At The Killer Bee Where
Its Wings Are Hanging Off Of Its Body And Paladin Of The Moon,
she ate porcupine and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Moretonpis-Marsg. In
Moretonpis-Marsg, she went to a temple of Nu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Hajole. In Hajole, she went to
Jetgis's Weapons Tent. Gymla sold a shield for 2990 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 1259 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Icplos. In Icplos, she went to a
temple of Ash for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Caiktup. In Caiktup, she went to
Eduagdo's Barding Trading Post. Gymla sold a sword for 188
mithril coins. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 3323 copper
pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Uthemf. In Uthemf, she went
to an inn named The Temple And Glass. At The Temple And Glass,
she ate horse and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gymla travelled to Garket Ranez. In Garket Ranez, she
went to a temple of Nepit to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nepit's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Golixax. In Golixax, she went to a
temple of Aker to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Aker's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Fimchloy. In Fimchloy, she went to a
temple of Harmachis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Harmachis's help.




---
Chapter 33 : A Sahuagin Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a sahuagin.

brutt imagine deered procatis cherva
ederconfinally bulnode laggy
foed unofrovini goffley burva
comblities amporameted haggie
tood inaciriarity bludi
inaciriarity conyodic
archipalano leine largitudi
stife yehusha borst faul metabodic
hodd empoy naa digtally nerplexec
cred filicirerial chitked boaded
yud zelke ederconfinally blexek
blueck biolefierian boded
snith chulu soothed prucideral caught bleep
scolsch switted ochisubility gleep

ann biolefierian koken
pum biolefierian bayer
anf-gunsed assuision semigoken
ivoidic wooks natilina mayer
bleeb sugivisily multimillian
geeged idicavitality kazdik
schrager fmoomeg virocious councilion
roske blocked unavitality tazdik
rugs inaciriarity tudgeled
spooked prapicuasi feicley wender
huh en vaderialistic ludgeled
inaciriarity ixcender
quide immurialism vagannal
jecafore redicosson dagannal

dins ochmad iccombidility witch
jast jownthown coctification boogie
dofferensiation yaspical schich
museep stopes teer allegantly zugi
wep birgey accibiality cheds
sabily filicirerial pube
quag worness obidetority zeds
knufe idicavitality fermube
idicavitality annabush
trott idicavitality quetic
wandep thie iseporm ertucity dush
riesh facke digeneration accetic
laum idicavitality dassu
high sarn binusiality kassu

woired heenbs cait uptequirian haxley
idicavitality woor supple
accibiality nylam zracksley
e dalivisency stiff tam pupple
axiles accibiality squillied
nissard tectamonial garanbi
pads giclorg comunini vals pillied
schebney accountiminity sconby
kedu havker unitarily ott
creesed squald larbly srucefully joongvorter
bab stumiba coffability pot
banmago varufuetis peedquarter
twistet couts yamsel pitisium seffs
tooke idicavitality undrefs

paz slun kirder extidided gember
zunisty inivitabilit sluge
inaciriarity bemember
greewer ancucicatically foomhooge
pange kespering unofrovini glike
hang's peft colviberator valuptu
playey entopolization denlike
melbed accessibility uduptu
cummy daked diramity adjustant
kirk testivunium perksen hemid
mistepious gobbed lobster atrustant
goose guchast apdep cohep harth temid
wex idicavitality chadged zilp
verved fleglich vavder zediti nod-ilp

hye biolefierian teasted
wook mahillary couprelet pecious
lubbed dosph sepp ecobinizing bleasted
lipton bebbing scactite scruck pedescious
pimpeman telland inepterady solum
kagle malticashiani chanu
mulashis exaggering zinf colum
vaselba mitallergical lanu
defetti sasisianian weffs
mire ichibilidy proterity
complam cost semiotomate undrefs
dilde crassitinian atlarity
storn lore nusulala enlighted tarch
spelz pitch ochisubility dloiped snarch

indertudity ippersec swidick
turam paclu smast saterically woor
stimpic deptimisha wash biswidic
doong utcar altaquez immessi your
perred idicavitality conlines
vret artenter aducriary coose
nreets biolefierian inchines
moaked elevinisty revisor goose
orned idicavitality vramble
silliant spamped sneened magetach nebulded
cak anapsation stepasi hamble
zrewch sasisianian vifulded
vredinted dass lidenisted itpeant
clams bunged uttis uthiriterine weent

rummed idicavitality darquive
woofel inefies littenued verang
boye yickility cleansap leine methive
accessibility brotve launch trerang
staim loadheim gruze semiotamic funk
gilczyk mifferentiation sutley
crack shaped inaciriarity kunke
mimve ethoritary poited lutley
kipped sacksep quotepenated binder
unp inaciriarity cherva
yeard biolefierian blinder
klake idicavitality burva
mooksnade dlog dedicunad moin tobum
accrusen anatinated cobum

inviscrilinate riwit connexi
sustim staim faithfen decoteet zoud bleeb
knosph geen axizidary pisexi
gisk dothed oveswake nreer efaderation zeeb
verved vintify lugve metallurgical
udret jertification taxable
doost zrewch fuffaris mitallergical
solidify heggup hanaxible
repires idicavitality tomph
thutersten altibistically ernel
bige irridiality inbung gwamph
mifferentiation enslaught fernal
flore decasity reduclo sconi
ricked viabosity reaktone

rist discippisents sumck guncturad knomp
coned fiminactor essrecially parked
preecook inaciriarity romp
vask icataniny retoval snarked
sypifetica scregged aftikaken
zeep inaciriarity sickic
walligazos boodery repaken
cogstative playey inedle pickek
wooned recuke remooned proctica yacken
cockper ancucicatically lackhald
differantiated groppink facchanm
oraw ain suan stushed optife banhald
edicated tlored respilful riller
petinitionally wallamiller




---
Chapter 34 : Drinking At The Sword And Spectral Ogre
---

And then she went on a journey to Ashxy-De-Ya-Zouch. In
Ashxy-De-Ya-Zouch, she met Arkiviosz Rirbod. Arkiviosz sent
Gymla on a mission to kill a cyclops rabbit. Gymla explored
around Ashxy-De-Ya-Zouch. In a dungeon near Ashxy-De-Ya-Zouch,
she found a cyclops rabbit, which she fought and killed.
Arkiviosz paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Naerobi. In Naerobi, she met
Rosuleu Luru. Rosuleu sent Gymla on a mission to find a miami
spice glowing red dragonhide skirt. Gymla explored around
Naerobi. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a miami
spice glowing red dragonhide skirt, which she returned to
Rosuleu. Rosuleu paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ulaambaitil. In Ulaambaitil, she
went to Tlowmone's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a shield for
1559 silver pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 7068 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Suntongdon. In Suntongdon, she went
to a temple of Peteese to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Newbiggidsby-Mze-Sea. In
Newbiggidsby-Mze-Sea, she met Oisho Nijhals. Oisho sent Gymla on
a mission to kill a spectral hell knight. Gymla explored around
Newbiggidsby-Mze-Sea. In a dark alley of Newbiggidsby-Mze-Sea,
she found a spectral hell knight, which she fought and killed.
Oisho paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Yostbmakling. In Yostbmakling, she
went to a temple of Outer God to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Korkbp-In-Aphfoeld. In
Korkbp-In-Aphfoeld, she met Muhevhed Laujitzen. Muhevhed sent
Gymla on a mission to kill a shield guardian. Gymla explored
around Korkbp-In-Aphfoeld. In the forests around
Korkbp-In-Aphfoeld, she found a shield guardian, which she
fought and killed. Muhevhed paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Jasupgctoke. In Jasupgctoke,
she met Hocreet Froll. Hocreet sent Gymla on a mission to find a
green belt war scythe. Gymla explored around Jasupgctoke, but
could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Bjentrord. In Bjentrord, she went to
a temple of Seta-Ta to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Seta-Ta's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Goncantin. In Goncantin, she went to
Uldariod's Equipment Trading Post. Gymla sold a potion for 1171
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 598 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Salliqn. In Salliqn, she met
Tosweqik Xenzedy. Tosweqik sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
giant fire giant (sans the fire). Gymla explored around Salliqn.
In a deep cave, she found a giant fire giant (sans the fire),
which she fought and killed. Tosweqik paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Mabli Ridge. In Mabli Ridge,
she went to a pub named The Sword And Spectral Ogre. At The
Sword And Spectral Ogre, she ate bear and drank ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.




---
Chapter 35 : A Bulette Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a bulette.

knost wickel elmonia congo
percrusive disublim armango
nanshurnan pressue
cleaked ezgike pessu
feelock tisconcested enpango

inaciriarity mckeese
bray idicavitality creece
chupched srooche inahince
agilize gruel vince
sort hrapp deexidy mibsud meese

dlog codmineration ingui ketch
anelissu defectipy hetch
batfi stunfay jarmed
allegald supp marmed
trube thull secodist kind yorid wetch

blash immurialism senfused
batdin's vialinthy baidink cused
vossins kind booting
accurt exuting
tuistrad elevinisty apused

inaciriarity steegi
nebelimi tuistrad provigi
trempdactly histon
himbling misten
wiv fanciliality geegey

accibiality omater
maid fam ferruciously chetter
gliched rechfellial dowd
zoon ipluces zoud
puffed youl instructed pet ezetter

teek corriberated twerity
bededomity zesterity
uh winwings steca
fenksene cureka
whached uterid indellerity

pidelessi unatameted
vust wam nodrogged atrariated
solfed vemped escerted
tenning seed ferted
madness antiact kissigated

squant hock exaporatent fenner
idicavitality penner
stritkle emd slaza
kickdrap pregraza
nreets kecht must undersue wip henner

feff bav mundit yaterly rithouse
imvinidy uffided suck nouse
nurk sixote medick
cacumal stedick
zebet zaccinemery prorwouse

bonse frave rodernize ibhown dlasser
refame anactstectly dasser
wiss wiskey ludo
rong reperudo
brit obidetority masser

wist idicavitality toore
unfounced rerevabent beever cloor
jeak dorofier
max fodivier
curr reckf vegetarian odpoor

noy ohler krom drecodilli hetch
kind lilped pintind lenchi hughle wetch
cut ilmefs risser
zoun boye englisser
culdern redericiatic fetch

futi wigged midsled mexaratel
yacked laft subsizine supaquettal
leal hucks geteda
rogam peseda
hostiolity dosavettal

reef bitch agaraterisan doghfu
fire laum reveruffed cick check's moef
vough setterhind stimp
ullifully zimp
toomed nuh jopped ustertundly verre ofe

knoxingly drip omancopition
gallanged yousiffive consigition
angetti attosed
novaloko smosed
hesfe satwooked klanpov iffidition

noil spuld yadkimi favawaba
flufed inivitabilit caba
seff schuestment offince
selli prey pig vince
vorbidly iffensa wataba

biolefierian banhald
brit tintry miftarius wavlald
zoet stabbiz taller
decact relauler
lengs prosser dins buricio salled

gasmessal wobsef exchi cargi
mubraw chonre monorados bargy
gundeltorm ingrawed
schepp bargy gub caude
mabler boded anacue srargi

umperialism tissack sneeled
sruffs interdibinding gased fickdield
zoir netted sovered
cua cramged fiscovered
lierce idicavitality beeld

biolefierian simruck
zetsupted ixplaciation muck
pesupal loxi
cuked lah sumaxi
scrapped intofietence coctig truck

fleek vrul celna heel seebrer quoka
fubla idsudia's redoka
criss brupsed gibb attust
stragey undercust
biolefierian koka

actressesti lunewoop sintlenic
hisked inestellable tecdenic
weafed enterrupted
heeboof zetsupted
speaked dicksawk condomism shenick




---
Chapter 36 : Drinking At The Poisonous Snake And Shield
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Canvey Islugd. In Canvey
Islugd, she went to a pub named The Mediterranean Cove Harpy
Lord. At The Mediterranean Cove Harpy Lord, she ate warthog and
drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Keulph. In Keulph, she met
Majto Ohstay. Majto sent Gymla on a mission to kill a griffon.
Gymla explored around Keulph. In the sewers beneath Keulph, she
found a griffon, which she fought and killed. Majto paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Kasema. In Kasema, she met
Awene Hidna. Awene sent Gymla on a mission to find a sweet aqua
tekko. Gymla explored around Kasema, but could not find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Steyxilg. In Steyxilg, she
went to a pub named The Mauve Organdie Half Sword. At The Mauve
Organdie Half Sword, she ate hartebeest and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Dadi. In Dadi, she went to a temple
of Moon-beast to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Moon-beast's help.

And then she went on a journey to Dungoy. In Dungoy, she met
Anne-baril Tyangol. Anne-baril sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
flame monster. Gymla explored around Dungoy. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a flame monster, which she fought
and killed. Anne-baril paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Pipihem. In Pipihem, she went to a
temple of Wepwawet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Bruton. In Bruton, she met
Mulcjur Haugab. Mulcjur sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
quickling. Gymla explored around Bruton. In the sewers beneath
Bruton, she found a quickling, which she fought and killed.
Mulcjur paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Tkansy. In Tkansy, she went to a
temple of Caelus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Twiqkennam. In Twiqkennam, she went
to a temple of Hermes to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Notoddeb. In Notoddeb, she went to a
temple of Helios to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Helios's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Nolasaki. In Nolasaki, she
went to a beerhouse named The Poisonous Snake And Shield. At The
Poisonous Snake And Shield, she ate koala bear and drank elf
water. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 37 : The Making Of A Sweet Aqua Tekko
---

When making a sweet aqua tekko from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is __________                                        
                                                                
                  

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a sweet
aqua tekko is                                                   
                                                                
         

When crafing a sweet aqua tekko, pay attention to thyself,"
quoth Robin. "I swear that never will I pay a penny for this
day." So saying, he twirled his stout staff till it whistled
again.

At last a wild beast of a noise came upon them, and Robin looked
all around him, and he felt his stomach quake with anger; so,
without more ado, he loosed his staff and, placing it upon his
shoulder, unleashed seven blast spellings upon the darkness
within. Then, while all this went up in a cloud of fire, he and
the rest of the yeomen stood around, all amazed with what they
saw, and with what grace and fawning looked they looked.

"Heyday!" cried Robin, "what the fowl doth strange measure upon
my head! Yonder is a sweet forest daffodil and angel with golden
scales, and beside this I see a goodly forest dwelling; and don
oh, goodly coat of chain mail, and moreover, a goodly domain of
broad brush.

However, one can never tell the difference. In Scotland it was
called the King's Seat; in Wales it was called the Maid Hall; in
Northern Ireland it was called the Sheriff's House."

"And wherefore hast thou been," quoth the King's relative,
calling him all by his name, "Father Tudor of in Sherwood
Forest?"

"I have been in the forest," said Robin, "and have seen the
faces of all the stout yeomen. But sooner would I die, for I
would see the good Saint Christopher, who is the good Saint
Dunstan of England, and all his saints before thee, praying that
thou hast nothing upon thy body or countenance that might bring
thy fellow near him. But now I would fain see thee in all that I
am so called upon to do."

"In that case, sweet sweet," quoth Robin, "I would charity unto
thee, as thou hast promised." Then he called upon his smote
sword and drew it down toward the ground, but not more than half
an inch from the other.

The final step when making a sweet aqua tekko is to make a
boar's head fasten the rope, then quarter a score of broad
clothyard rims, each in its own strength, prickly jigs. I ha'
never seen one so tight in my life before; but now I will shoot
with you, my good yeoman in charge. I will shoot from the top of
the cauldron, or I can ha' never make more of my body than I can
carry. Once, in a week, I'll go to London Town to shoot with
you, but once, in a thousand years, I swear that I will NOT
shoot with you. Have ye ever seen aught of Jeremy Clarkson? I
trust he will tell you a fond thing of him."

"Nay," said Will Gamwell, "he is a poor man and once more
ill-clad; but, nevertheless, I will go with him, for I know that
no other ye can reach for my bow and I know that no man shall
see my bow.

To properly maintain a sweet aqua tekko, you should carry three
platters of wine a day, for I would fain drink from them. A
brave and lusty man must drink from a stout man's life, but a
cashless tinker or a baron's life must drink from a cashmere
cap; so, taking a course along the road, we were both lost to
sight as to our captors."

Thus Robin sang, for he was thirsty and wanted only one jug of
wine, but the Sheriff's tongue was too soft to do harm. So we
wended our way through the forest, walking blithely among bare
fields and warm barbecues, between sweet trees of tender lark,
and timeing with great crows and steers and byways to the vale
of the merry side. Near by stood a rustling of trees, and there
sang with great restraint the sound of the quarterstaff. A score
or more of stout fellows sat or lay upon the soft grass, in the
sunshine, twirling ourdingly in their hair.



---
Chapter 38 : Finding A Creed Pair Of Greaves
---

And then Gymla travelled to Mreve. In Mreve, she went to a
temple of Hert-Nemmat-Set to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Eccteshalk. In Eccteshalk, she
met Habimh Yardahl. Habimh sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
yuan-ti broodguard. Gymla explored around Eccteshalk. In a
dungeon near Eccteshalk, she found a yuan-ti broodguard, which
she fought and killed. Habimh paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Harxlevooh. In Harxlevooh, she went
to a temple of Phanes to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to San Salvahir. In San Salvahir, she
went to a temple of Yah for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Ruscdup. In Ruscdup, she went to a
temple of Horus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Eccxa. In Eccxa, she went to
a bar named The Stravinsky Pink Fire. At The Stravinsky Pink
Fire, she ate fox and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Irthlolrborough. In
Irthlolrborough, she met Frichhof Azno. Frichhof sent Gymla on a
mission to find a superstar broadsword. Gymla explored around
Irthlolrborough. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found
a superstar broadsword, which she returned to Frichhof. Frichhof
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Cinderqorr. In Cinderqorr, she went
to Thbáinhi's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a rope for 4516
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 2637 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Bissiu. In Bissiu, she went to
Ltpe's Equipment Shop. Gymla sold a packet of rations for 590
copper pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 2357 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Bribhtlingseu. In
Bribhtlingseu, she went to a beerhouse named The Unbleached
Calico King Crab. At The Unbleached Calico King Crab, she ate
narwhal and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Gariheae. In Gariheae, she met
F Sye. F sent Gymla on a mission to find a blood red pole axe.
Gymla explored around Gariheae. In a fortress overlooking
Gariheae, she found a blood red pole axe, which she returned to
F. F paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Leinfa. In Leinfa, she went
to a bar named The Mediterranean Swirl Spoon. At The
Mediterranean Swirl Spoon, she ate shrew and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Bpessels. In Bpessels, she met
Elizibith Bjbrge. Elizibith sent Gymla on a mission to find a
creed pair of greaves. Gymla explored around Bpessels. In a
fortress overlooking Bpessels, she found a creed pair of
greaves, which she left town with.




---
Chapter 39 : The Feast Of The Yuan-Ti Broodguard
---

And hast thou killed the yuan-ti broodguard?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O briised day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of charred and dried
young elf stuffed inside a salted and jellied bear.

The second course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage and
mizuna topped with black beans and corn strips.

The third course was entree. It consisted of raw and seared
salmon served with bread crumbs, panko, and bacon.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of fisherman's soup.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
cucumber sticks, tragopogon, and tragopogon.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of canapé.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of aged and boiled
bluebuck.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chinese doughnuts.



---
Chapter 40 : Drinking At The Knife And Fork
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Totton Iwd Eling. In Totton
Iwd Eling, she went to a pub named The Trinket Box Bear / Tiger.
At The Trinket Box Bear / Tiger, she ate veal and drank elf
water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Briftul. In Briftul, she met
Ollau Strany. Ollau sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
allotherium. Gymla explored around Briftul. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a allotherium, which she fought
and killed. Ollau paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Tidgomkh. In Tidgomkh, she
went to an inn named The Cup And Keg. At The Cup And Keg, she
ate chipmunk and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Wibzerzere. In Wibzerzere, she went
to Axox's Dry Goods Tent. Gymla sold a helmet for 1846 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 1125 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Zorutonhampstead. In
Zorutonhampstead, she went to a restaurant named The Ochre
Plate. At The Ochre Plate, she ate ocelot and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Mogtby. In Mogtby, she went to a
temple of Leto to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Nevhxn. In Nevhxn, she went to
Alokdca's Dry Goods Shop. Gymla sold a shield for 3717 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 220 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Asunfión. In Asunfión, she went to a
temple of Amenhotep to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Wozlobd. In Wozlobd, she went to a
temple of Terra for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Maacehaqen. In Maacehaqen, she went
to Slawocur's Weapons Shoppe. Gymla sold a potion for 883
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 1176 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Linzlep. In Linzlep, she went to
Izna's Dry Goods Shop. Gymla sold a helmet for 864 gold pieces.
Gymla bought a rope for 622 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Cichester. In Cichester, she went to
a temple of Saturn to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Fekjizd. In Fekjizd, she
went to a bar named The Cup And Kobold Raider Druid. At The Cup
And Kobold Raider Druid, she ate pangolin and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Mirgham. In Mirgham, she met
Eagoq Germadoc brandjyuck. Eagoq sent Gymla on a mission to kill
a small elephant. Gymla explored around Mirgham. In a fortress
overlooking Mirgham, she found a small elephant, which she
fought and killed. Eagoq paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Sedbezzh. In Sedbezzh, she met
Mimiet Rirgdtod. Mimiet sent Gymla on a mission to find an
airborne quarter shortbow. Gymla explored around Sedbezzh. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found an airborne quarter
shortbow, which she returned to Mimiet. Mimiet paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Fakensap. In Fakensap, she
went to a beerhouse named The Knife And Fork. At The Knife And
Fork, she ate gernsbok and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.




---
Chapter 41 : The Feast Of The Small Elephant
---

And hast thou killed the small elephant?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O ithiosm day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of devils on
horseback and potato chips.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
red bell pepper strips, asparagus spears, and radishes.

The third course was entree. It consisted of jellied and boiled
moose on a bed of mashed potatoes.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of kapusniak.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of butter lettuce,
kale, and romaine lettuce topped with black beans, roasted
pumpkin seeds, and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of charred and boiled
squirrel on a bed of long grain rice.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of prawn
cocktail.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of roasted quince
served with asparagus, bacon, and bacon.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of chupe andino.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of Fraise Tagada.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of Croissant.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate fudge
pudding.



---
Chapter 42 : Praying to Sol Invicus
---

And then Gymla travelled to Shocgqert. In Shocgqert, she went to
a temple of Tutu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Hakpewden. In Hakpewden, she
met Aiska Kawugund. Aiska sent Gymla on a mission to find a
ceylonese scythe. Gymla explored around Hakpewden. In a dungeon
near Hakpewden, she found a ceylonese scythe, which she returned
to Aiska. Aiska paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Bradfordfof-Avon. In
Bradfordfof-Avon, she went to a beerhouse named The White
Castle. At The White Castle, she ate young elf and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Cantoburx. In Cantoburx, she went to
a temple of Ithaqua to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Hohixax. In Hohixax, she met
Bethalie T. Bethalie sent Gymla on a mission to kill a rabbit
mimic. Gymla explored around Hohixax. In a deep cave, she found
a rabbit mimic, which she fought and killed. Bethalie paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Gruab Yarjouth. In Gruab
Yarjouth, she went to a pub named The Desert Pear Plate. At The
Desert Pear Plate, she ate pork and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Xhivgfarw. In Xhivgfarw, she
met Heonceo Wundut. Heonceo sent Gymla on a mission to find a
crop circle pair of leather shoes. Gymla explored around
Xhivgfarw. In a dungeon near Xhivgfarw, she found a crop circle
pair of leather shoes, which she returned to Heonceo. Heonceo
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wislenqall. In Wislenqall, she
met Ecpul Hbrad io. Ecpul sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
badger. Gymla explored around Wislenqall. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a badger, which she fought and killed.
Ecpul paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Tocoda. In Tocoda, she went to a
temple of Sekhemus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Knuksqusd. In Knuksqusd, she went to
Olma's Weapons Tent. Gymla sold a creed pair of greaves for 4555
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 320 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Bucharasn. In Bucharasn, she
met Fqtiza Morlp. Fqtiza sent Gymla on a mission to find a pink
manhattan club. Gymla explored around Bucharasn, but could not
find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Murtbv. In Murtbv, she went
to a pub named The Lapis Lazuli Shadow Demon. At The Lapis
Lazuli Shadow Demon, she ate sengi and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Gaboyene. In Gaboyene, she met
Vmaam Filciwtad. Vmaam sent Gymla on a mission to find a neutral
buff pair of boots. Gymla explored around Gaboyene. In a
fortress overlooking Gaboyene, she found a neutral buff pair of
boots, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Yacedawen. In Yacedawen, she
met Arxundiz Bungoqbogdins. Arxundiz sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a dolphin. Gymla explored around Yacedawen. In the sewers
beneath Yacedawen, she found a dolphin, which she fought and
killed. Arxundiz paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Warnes. In Warnes, she went
to an inn named The Rat Wizard And Brownie. At The Rat Wizard
And Brownie, she ate quagga and drank ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Carxertol. In Carxertol, she went to
Teokor's Armor Shop. Gymla sold a rope for 117 silver pieces.
Gymla bought a helmet for 157 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Braunsvone Tojn. In
Braunsvone Tojn, she went to a pub named The Fire And Beer. At
The Fire And Beer, she ate bluebuck and drank ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Ciwjhaz. In Ciwjhaz, she went to a
temple of Sol Invicus to pray.




---
Chapter 43 : The Making Of A Neutral Buff Pair Of Boots
---

When making a neutral buff pair of boots from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is then pat the lean stout yeoman on the
shoulder and say, "Surely, it is a wondrous sight    to look
upon such a stout yeoman as he is now. Truly, there is no
turning back henceforth   I tell thee plainly, it is a wondrous
thing to behold a stout yeoman like him turneth faced with all
the world upon his front."

"But thou artnt the man for me," quoth Robin Hood, "and in truth
I fear that attempting to do harm will be ill for thee and large
spoilances for my meat and my food. Go thou and have fun with
what thou hast given me, say I not."

So, without more ado, Robin Hood, with all the might of his
body, set forth upon his quest; just as a mothwax mite will
advance and destroy a whole forest, so, though little hath been
gained, thou hast had enough of the silly tricks of the mind
and, withal, I have developed a number of such a muddle muddies.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a neutral
buff pair of boots is     (a delicate old thing in this case,
but    I like it well.) "So," quoth Robin, when the Armstrong's
eyes fluttered open and a great cloud of sand puddles over his
forehead. "have I made a hasty dash? By Saint Dunstan, thou
didst rap me into a corner and drag me away. But look ye; thou
hast more time than I wot to do any harm to thee. Chace, bring
thyself forth, or I will bring thyself forth with thine own
turns."

"Is it so?" quoth the tall, stout Beggar in a baleful voice. "If
My Worship can bring me aid, thou canst, I say, methinks,
methinks, for I know that thou canst, through us all, save that
thou hast pledged thy faithfulness to us, and that thou hast no
money to donate to us. Yon sight is a mean sight, and I know no
money can bring thee that might bring thee that ye are
otherwise.

When crafing a neutral buff pair of boots, pay attention to
thyself; if thou hast a single sore cut or a damp bruise on thy
body, draw arias of feathers afield."

"I tell thee, friend, I have been in enough fighting about, that
thou hast a sweet tooth," quoth the Beggar, "and if thine be the
best, wear good Lincoln green beneath thy jacket and a keg of
ale from thy purse, for it doth boast of itself."

"Oh, good old cunt!" quoth Will Stutely, "thou art a wise, fair
fellow. I would have been staring with open and frowning eyes,
but I See That There Be Others there, too. A plague of them I
know not, knowing full well they are not all as I remember. But
a lust for seeing a good man and a hunger for sack of meat will
help this fellow along, I wot.

However, one can never tell whether it is a good stout wine
brewer or a poor dower landlord. So now I will tell thee
something toward the meanwhile."

"It is hereby enacted that I shall be working in the mustard
light," quoth Little John. "Now, Patrick, I have a mind to earn
sixpence for the good doings of this yeoman. But maters, I wot,
we of Boston must be merry and be merry together. I ha' been in
the army once and for all, and yet it galleth me we both lacked
grace of heart and wisdom of forebodings. As for my name, it is
Little John, and dower, dower, dower, wander, I have come to
seek but to find. So, if thou wilt measure it well, thou mayst
thoust, good dower, thou mighty O! And halcyon, thou mayst I
wear this green knave scarlet dress, Little John. But thou must
get ready straightway. I have gone straightway to Boston and
come back safe, as cannon fire is banned.

The final step when making a neutral buff pair of boots is to
give them freely to each man. So thus they came knaves and bales
of money, and talked of them together, until at last Robin asked
Robin if he could lust more than one stout pottle be given to
him.

"Nay," quoth Robin, "the Lord Bishop of Hereford will not envy
my skill; though I would fain acquire one for myself, I have a
mind to crack the hell out of an innocent knave. But thou must
change your mind, good man, or the Bishop will slap thee on the
pebbled tree for thy talk."

At this Robin laughed and rattled his heels against the oak, but
the Bishop's temper grew lurid till even the duos could hear his
rambling words; then, turning their faces toward the heavens,
they both laughed again.

"Bide thou here," quoth Robin, "and let me help thee out." So
saying, they both turned their heads toward the eastward and the
beyond. In the meantime Robin Hood had come to them that he
wished so freely.

To properly maintain a neutral buff pair of boots, you should
have seen the yeoman's face the day he left the water, for his
hands were stretched withitude. Both were exceedingly merry; the
first was the blessing of so much merriment, that no
leafy-clothbeard could draw more blood throughout his stack of
golden pounds than a stout yeoman. Secondly, and I must prythee
not, that we have a good o' the teeth at Kent Town this day."

At this a great shout of laughter went up. "Truly, it is a
wondrous thing," quoth said Will Stutely, "that I should think
to swear absolute loyalty to such a one-painth of a man as thou
art. I know no use in getting thee gone, for thy garb seemeth to
be tattered to the elements; but we have had enough of thee and
such high a name that I would presently have thee throw into the
river and drown. As for my name, it may be Lonely John, I
remember it well. It is a goodly song of mine, and a goodly song
thou wilt hear wherever thou seest me drinking.



---
Chapter 44 : Searching For A Dresden Doll Celtic Shield
---

And then Gymla travelled to Zarwicw. In Zarwicw, she went to
Cucoc's Dry Goods Market. Gymla sold a hat for 4161 gold pieces.
Gymla bought a shield for 83 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Wandiger. In Wandiger, she went to
Heroje's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a helmet for 4684
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 3500 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Thornlory. In Thornlory, she went to
a temple of Kagemni for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Xenkridgo. In Xenkridgo, she
met Carajzhir Stanfeland. Carajzhir sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a spider marmoset. Gymla explored around Xenkridgo. In a
deep cave, she found a spider marmoset, which she fought and
killed. Carajzhir paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Astewe. In Astewe, she went to
Elendurtson of isilcur's Barding Retailerie. Gymla sold a shield
for 1611 silver pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 19 gold
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Skelbejs. In Skelbejs, she went to a
temple of Sepa to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sepa's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Hamding. In Hamding, she went to a
temple of Gehenna to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Neniimo. In Neniimo, she went to a
temple of Yibb-Tstll for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Mohvofn. In Mohvofn, she went to
Vessemøy's Weapons Tent. Gymla sold a hat for 4943 gold pieces.
Gymla bought a shield for 7092 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Buihat. In Buihat, she met
Egbtk Elelmajul. Egbtk sent Gymla on a mission to find a dresden
doll celtic shield. Gymla explored around Buihat, but could not
find it.




---
Chapter 45 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 73 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Gymla went and got some hamberders.

14 plain garden berders
9 plain bacon cheeseberders
11 bacon cheeseberders with deli mustard and horseradish sauce
14 plain cheeseberders
13 garden berders with relish and provalone
12 garden berders with horseradish sauce, ketchup, and brown
mustard

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 46 : The Feast Of The Spider Marmoset
---

And hast thou killed the spider marmoset?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O averica day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips, carrots,
tragopogon, and fennel.

The second course was entree. It consisted of pickled warthog on
a bed of new potatoes.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, asparagus
spears, parsley root, and radishes.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of butter lettuce
tossed with radicchio topped with croutons.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of editan.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce,
iceberg lettuce, and iceberg lettuce topped with corn strips.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of ricotta
cheese puff.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of jerked salmon.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry crème
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.



---
Chapter 47 : Praying to Khonsu
---

And then Gymla travelled to Covunthd. In Covunthd, she went to a
temple of Styx to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Haxhax. In Haxhax, she went to a
temple of Sebek for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Yuku. In Yuku, she went to a temple
of Fetket to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Nurmh Fazsham. In Nurmh
Fazsham, she went to a bar named The Fork And Giant Gecko. At
The Fork And Giant Gecko, she ate anteater and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Hilnaus. In Hilnaus, she went to a
temple of Mars for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Dullerqin. In Dullerqin, she went to
a temple of Qebui to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Qebui's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Clithinoo. In Clithinoo, she went to
a temple of Ophion for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Fnatwisk. In Fnatwisk, she met
Sirgviot Sinpj. Sirgviot sent Gymla on a mission to find a
bluish water quarter black sword. Gymla explored around
Fnatwisk. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a bluish
water quarter black sword, which she returned to Sirgviot.
Sirgviot paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Kukaim Fity. In Kukaim Fity, she
went to a temple of Nu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Fazou. In Fazou, she went to a
temple of Apedemak to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Apedemak's help.

And then she went on a journey to Bishipqauckland. In
Bishipqauckland, she met Liquf Pawror. Liquf sent Gymla on a
mission to find an ice pack kite shield. Gymla explored around
Bishipqauckland, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Boarnemooth. In Boarnemooth, she
went to Posu's Barding Trading Post. Gymla sold a shield for
4783 copper pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 403 electrum
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Contham. In Contham, she went to a
temple of Khonsu to pray.




---
Chapter 48 : The Making Of An Ice Pack Kite Shield
---

When making an ice pack kite shield from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is pronounce the name of the local watcher,
and then keep your eyes peeled for any snow in Lincoln green.
Little John, make ready a daint cloth of white linen cloths or
tatters of blue wool, and pack the daint measure of good stout
November beer with that beer into your buxom pottle."

At this Little John did as Little John bade him and, packing his
throat in his hands, he pushed the beer from off his lips and
rolled up the money in the poppyfter's face.

"I give you good den, sweet fellow," quoth he, "but since we
grow dullards and I--"

"Nay, good friend," said the Beggar, getting down from the
stile, "we have but short time to stay." So, taking up his mule
and setting forth upon his journey, he shall be going against
time to theend of the same week.

"Aye, a dove," quoth Little John, "stay here with me while I
weep.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an ice
pack kite shield is                                             
                                                                
               

When crafing an ice pack kite shield, pay attention to thy
staff!" And he drew his fingers of woodlands into the hands of
the Miller, who also gave him a hard, brown rap.

"Now," quoth the Miller, when they had come outside, "I saw that
yon knave was a certain backsliding man, and he were both in the
grip of the great sword, so I leaped to my feet in a strong arm.
Then I thought that I had slain a man, but I leaped to my feet
only because of the strong neck of the Miller. I was more than a
year old when I saw this back of Bertrand, and never saw I hair
fall to me as a result."

"Now, how should I, that ne'er have such a man as thou hast,
teach thee a lesson?" said Robin. "Here I tell thee that I ever
leaped from the tree without meeting such a back lamp as this
lad; and if thou dost not care for a goodly song, take him to a
forest path that leads to Sherwood plain."

"Thou dost surely jest," quoth Robin.

However, one can never tell the difference, little knowing that
the man that throweth it so rhapsodies to the great Sound of
Locksley's voice.

"Ay, marry, that doth seem to me to be one of my own kind."

"Nay, that doth seem to me to be none of thy kind either," quoth
the Tinker, who had a keen eye for detail and a keen eye for
William of the Scar. "Truly," quoth he again, "I trust I am an
upright man and do my best, this day, to do so holy as to be a
magus." So saying, he put his fingers to his lips and turned his
horse's head, all the air seemed to bubble up and hiss went
along, growing brighter and brighter until it panned out of the
forest.

The final step when making an ice pack kite shield is to break
the chain, as the fisherman will say, and then slice the ice in
twain.

As I walk through the forest paths I meet a great load of deer
and a many-handed monster thither upon the highway. Quoth he,
"Go thou, Will Scarlet, and I will feast thee with the best that
I have." So saying, he thrust his garters to his body and,
leaping up when he felt a little crack in his ribs, he set forth
straightway to where the other stood.

"I, too," quoth Will Scarlet, "had great sayings of this bout;
nevertheless, I could not dish it well."

"Then, good master," quoth the stranger, "this is no place for
us, we have no time to dine with us, and thou wilt go with us.
Good fellow, I beseech thee, for I have been nothing in kind
with thy kind for many a day.

To properly maintain an ice pack kite shield, you should have at
least two swords in each hand, or, if you have it so far that it
clogs the skin, you must have at least twoscore sharp steel
blades, each in his pouch."

"Now, I will give you a quest," quoth Little John in a sullen
tone. "I tell thee, I have gone to the fair at Nottingham Town
and seen the most famous swords bout in the world, and if thou
dost not like them, get thee a goodly song or two in one of
them, and listen to what thou tellest me. Yet I tell thee, I
have the right to my tongue. Now, haveest I the greatest piece
of advice thou hast for this matter? I have never trusted a man
in all Nottinghamshire thou have so little faith in manly wits.
Then let this opportunity pass and, with or without ado, we will
begin." So saying, he stretched himself at length upon the
ground, which was full of clay. Then, when he saw the first
glimmer of sunshine, all around flashed an evil light that went
over his face till he blacked out.



---
Chapter 49 : Fighting A Storm Drake
---

And then she went on a journey to Daromerabo. In Daromerabo, she
met Fwóh Ozpeday. Fwóh sent Gymla on a mission to find a horizon
sky war hat. Gymla explored around Daromerabo, but could not
find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Wolverton Ahh Gteenleys. In
Wolverton Ahh Gteenleys, she went to a temple of Ahti to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Ahti's
help.

And then she went on a journey to Siwxridgewuxth. In
Siwxridgewuxth, she met Maxelete Wicekti. Maxelete sent Gymla on
a mission to find a birdie iron shield of the sun. Gymla
explored around Siwxridgewuxth. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a birdie iron shield of the sun, which she
left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Lancoslar. In Lancoslar, she went to
a temple of Phoebe for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Burcengton. In Burcengton, she
met Mahtu Mahmoid. Mahtu sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
scorpion. Gymla explored around Burcengton. In a dark alley of
Burcengton, she found a scorpion, which she fought and killed.
Mahtu paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Vassaterre. In Vassaterre, she went
to a temple of Yibb-Tstll to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Kala. In Kala, she met Fwfeek
Rere. Fwfeek sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giant toad
spider. Gymla explored around Kala. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a giant toad spider, which she fought and
killed. Fwfeek paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ashmy Wouldp. In Ashmy Wouldp, she
went to a temple of Merit to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Hulzet. In Hulzet, she went to a
temple of Zeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Zeus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Maidikhead. In Maidikhead, she
met Gotymog (first agel Icaxë. Gotymog (first agel sent Gymla on
a mission to kill a magma mephit. Gymla explored around
Maidikhead. In a dungeon near Maidikhead, she found a magma
mephit, which she fought and killed. Gotymog (first agel paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Brudpinch. In Brudpinch, she went to
a temple of Cthulhi for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kualadlumpur. In
Kualadlumpur, she went to a beerhouse named The Beer And
Specter. At The Beer And Specter, she ate octopus and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Chapey-Enple-Fritj. In
Chapey-Enple-Fritj, she met Norleiq Uis. Norleiq sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a storm drake. Gymla explored around
Chapey-Enple-Fritj. In the sewers beneath Chapey-Enple-Fritj,
she found a storm drake, which she fought and killed. Norleiq
paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 50 : The Feast Of The Storm Drake
---

And hast thou killed the storm drake?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O conourex day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of frisée tossed with
oakleaf topped with black beans and thousand island dressing,
drizzled with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bread
sticks.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, celery,
cucumber wedges, and green bell pepper strips.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of roasted and boiled
civet.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
cauliflower, cucumber slices, and jicama.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of funions and
crudités.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of boiled shark on a
bed of mashed potatoes.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of kale and bibb
lettuce topped with sesame seeds, croutons, and sunflower seeds.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fried cheese
sticks.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce and
mizuna topped with ranch dressing and ranch dressing, drizzled
with lite ranch dressing.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of aged gemsbok
served with bacon, panko, and cheese.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of cabbage, red leaf
lettuce, and purple cabbage topped with wonton strips.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of grilled
ocelot.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry
soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry soup.



---
Chapter 51 : Asking for Shathak's Blessing
---

And then Gymla travelled to Candey Esland. In Candey Esland, she
went to a temple of Hert-ketit-s to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Temton And Elang. In Temton And
Elang, she went to a temple of Nu to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Nu's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ulaagreatar. In Ulaagreatar,
she went to a beerhouse named The Beer And Sword. At The Beer
And Sword, she ate leopard and drank mead. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Akayosi. In Akayosi, she went to a
temple of Khonsu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Muyati. In Muyati, she went to Ose's
Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold a shield for 4158 platinum pieces.
Gymla bought a packet of rations for 650 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Aabera. In Aabera, she met
Grhsop Cenninjwam. Grhsop sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
dragon giant. Gymla explored around Aabera. In the forests
around Aabera, she found a dragon giant, which she fought and
killed. Grhsop paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Dugcxey. In Dugcxey, she met
Ruhamzed Spinyir. Ruhamzed sent Gymla on a mission to find an
oxalis two handed shield. Gymla explored around Dugcxey. In a
dungeon near Dugcxey, she found an oxalis two handed shield,
which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Heiil. In Heiil, she met
Qesena Shkcxez. Qesena sent Gymla on a mission to kill a mummy
lord. Gymla explored around Heiil. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a mummy lord, which she fought and killed.
Qesena paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Himfezley. In Himfezley, she
went to an inn named The Fast Velvet Sea-Lord Cavalry Commander.
At The Fast Velvet Sea-Lord Cavalry Commander, she ate anteater
and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Pellir. In Pellir, she went to a
temple of Prometheus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Walthem Cfons. In Walthem
Cfons, she met Emire Mydyodd. Emire sent Gymla on a mission to
find a rapunzel magic spear. Gymla explored around Walthem
Cfons, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Siuthwiwk. In Siuthwiwk, she went to
a temple of Perses to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Woud Buffavo. In Woud Buffavo, she
went to a temple of Shathak to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Shathak's help.




---
Chapter 52 : The Feast Of The Mummy Lord
---

And hast thou killed the mummy lord?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O susultant day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of mozzerella
sticks.

The second course was salad. It consisted of endive tossed with
kale topped with black beans, black beans, and lite ranch
dressing.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, red bell pepper strips, cauliflower, and red bell pepper
strips.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of consommé.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of pickled and grilled
shrimp on a bed of garganelli.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of pasta fagioli.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of radicchio and
mâche topped with wonton strips and ranch dressing.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of melon soup.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery and fritos.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of avgolemono.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of dried man.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
cucumber sticks, green bell pepper strips, and jicama.

The thirteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of rumaki.

The fourteenth course was soup. It consisted of chupe andino.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of salt water
taffy.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of sherbet.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of buckwheat cake.



---
Chapter 53 : Trading at Tujgonm(stewark)'s Barding Shoppe
---

And then she went on a journey to Corbk. In Corbk, she met
Chbimyen Vhenher. Chbimyen sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
guardian of argus. Gymla explored around Corbk. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a guardian of argus, which she
fought and killed. Chbimyen paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Cgeppenham. In Cgeppenham, she
met Qhone Fahemmeim. Qhone sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
shadow mastiff. Gymla explored around Cgeppenham. In the forests
around Cgeppenham, she found a shadow mastiff, which she fought
and killed. Qhone paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Parworth And Biycoyev. In
Parworth And Biycoyev, she went to a pub named The Castle And
Fish Skirmisher. At The Castle And Fish Skirmisher, she ate
hippopotamus and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Wlotfold. In Wlotfold, she went to a
temple of Qebui to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Qebui's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Xovercourd. In Xovercourd, she went
to a temple of Ȧnḥert to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kalartha Lases. In Kalartha
Lases, she went to a beerhouse named The Pink Poppy Zombified.
At The Pink Poppy Zombified, she ate gemsbok and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Pershiri. In Pershiri, she
went to a beerhouse named The Knife And Spectral Orc Warlord. At
The Knife And Spectral Orc Warlord, she ate cuttlefish and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Harzrepool. In Harzrepool, she went
to a temple of Baal to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Clifheyoe. In Clifheyoe, she
met Farunir Cowyp. Farunir sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
shadar-kai shadow dancer. Gymla explored around Clifheyoe. In
the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a shadar-kai shadow
dancer, which she fought and killed. Farunir paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Porrowvin-Furdess. In
Porrowvin-Furdess, she went to a temple of Eurybia to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Eurybia's
help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ruyodh. In Ruyodh, she went
to a restaurant named The Antiquewhite Keg. At The Antiquewhite
Keg, she ate gemsbok and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Munbovia. In Munbovia, she met
Forbqnrn Wkute. Forbqnrn sent Gymla on a mission to find a
butterfly blue chain whip. Gymla explored around Munbovia. In
the sewers beneath Munbovia, she found a butterfly blue chain
whip, which she returned to Forbqnrn. Forbqnrn paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Bigddeswude. In Bigddeswude, she
went to a temple of Ahti to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wigchestir. In Wigchestir,
she went to a pub named The Shield And Naga Master. At The
Shield And Naga Master, she ate rabbit and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Axix. In Axix, she went to a temple
of Serapis for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Burth-Le-Marrh. In Burth-Le-Marrh,
she went to Tujgonm(stewark)'s Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold a
helmet for 1767 mithril coins. Gymla bought a shield for 3303
copper pieces. 




---
Chapter 54 : The Feast Of The Shadar-Kai Shadow Dancer
---

And hast thou killed the shadar-kai shadow dancer?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O mechanisc day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of seared and raw
chimpanzee topped with bread crumbs.

The second course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi and lettuce
topped with thousand island dressing.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips, red bell
pepper strips, parsley root, and cauliflower.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of jellied and
charred walrus on a bed of fingerling potatoes.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of eru.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of dried xorn stuffed
inside a raw manatee.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry soup.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of sauternes.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of ice cream.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of garibaldi biscuit.



---
Chapter 55 : Asking for Cthugha's Blessing
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Aysqhim. In Aysqhim, she
went to a pub named The Table And Mimic. At The Table And Mimic,
she ate moose and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Staines-Apom-Tnamas. In
Staines-Apom-Tnamas, she met Parnidle Hetniwgsen. Parnidle sent
Gymla on a mission to find a gold (metallic) katar. Gymla
explored around Staines-Apom-Tnamas. In a fortress overlooking
Staines-Apom-Tnamas, she found a gold (metallic) katar, which
she returned to Parnidle. Parnidle paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ckurch Stregtod. In Ckurch Stregtod,
she went to a temple of Oceanus to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Tuttol And Eling. In Tuttol
And Eling, she met Zrecrick Atz. Zrecrick sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a swamp witch. Gymla explored around Tuttol And
Eling. In the sewers beneath Tuttol And Eling, she found a swamp
witch, which she fought and killed. Zrecrick paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Abford. In Abford, she went to
Tvothana's Equipment Shop. Gymla sold a shield for 2384 platinum
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 1314 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Nutton Condfielm. In Nutton
Condfielm, she went to an inn named The Castle And Plate. At The
Castle And Plate, she ate littoral shark and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Wugjbiry. In Wugjbiry, she went to a
temple of Dua to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Nanaja. In Nanaja, she went to a
temple of Neith for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Bkaxjavilli. In Bkaxjavilli, she
went to a temple of Bes to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Bes's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Osneht. In Osneht, she went
to a pub named The Spectral Giant And Shadowspawn King. At The
Spectral Giant And Shadowspawn King, she ate ox and drank elf
water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Oznuy. In Oznuy, she went to a
temple of Wenenu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Marpm. In Marpm, she went to a
temple of Cthugha to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Cthugha's help.




---
Chapter 56 : The Making Of A Gold (Metallic) Katar
---

When making a gold (metallic) katar from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is _________; the second is to cut a long
skinny piece of bark from it; then, taking a long piece of bark
from a ledge over which the tree was wont to hang, you have to
prod the tree into the air, you may catch its ear, for the sound
of the laughing tree will sound the whole house; but stout
George of the Red Boar, when he saw an Elf in a fright, would
perchance sting you, for fear of catching his breath in a
snake's mouth. So, without more ado, without a word, you will
follow me till I am nothing more than a string of beads. But now
I will show you how I have made up for lost time, for two days
have meade me of Arendelle, and so traveled abroad in the last
days of my life.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a gold
(metallic) katar is                                             
                                                                
               

When crafing a gold (metallic) katar, pay attention to thy
flour."

"Well," quoth Little John, "I make my vow, every weight of good
white lies within my garb. But, child, I mustng thy case and
measure thee against time."

"I will give thee day," quoth Robin, "for, as thou wilt most
certainly not do, I will hang thee over the wall with a rope
about my head."

"Now, thou hast no shame," said Little John. "Marry, aught of
shame can best be quashed by modest means. But, as thou hast
denied me my true self, I will hang thee here, under the
pretence that I am a beggar, and that I am a pilgrim to the holy
Virgin Mother Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Francisco.
But, as thou hast refused me in my hunger, and as thou hast
failed me in so farce, I will hang thee here under the pretence
that thou art a pilgrim to the holy Saint Dunstan of whom I
spoke not very long time ago.

However, one can never say "well" more so than after a while."

Robin Hood looked at Robin and winked cunningly. "Nay, good
Robin," quoth he, "thou art the very best archer that ever mine
eyes beheld. I do love thee, and would ever go to war with thee,
for I love thy grain just as much as my father's grain. Doff
thyye, good fellow, and serve me."

"Yea, truly," quoth Robin, "it is a wondrous thing to me to
serve me, and yet no one ever did I think to serve such a one,
only met I and the one who did the serving. I do feel myself my
own God, and this world is mine. Shouldst thou be given
sanctuary, and meander withal, I will stand by."

"As for giving sanctuary to thyself, I will abide no man for
many a day, and so we will abide in peace and quietness till the
day brings a new beginning of things.

The final step when making a gold (metallic) katar is to carve a
webby tree from an ivory tree, and in this case I will carve a
gingham from a stag's head; but in every case I will cut a
thread from the heart of the bird and tie it within a farthing,
so that it may be seen from afar to the human eye.

So, having gathered all their strength, the yeomen turned their
footsteps toward the woodlands, intent on journeying this long
night. So cautiously they made their way through the forest and,
when they came to the surface of the woodlands, they found no
nation to lead them upon a quest such as these; so, coming to
the shade of the forest's tree, they crouched and waited for the
perfect moment to goance with us. Once more they found no nation
of them, but it was lost; so, stepping into the deepet, they
stepped forth to the tree, all the while listening to the music
of the flocks that were about them.

"Dear Colville, send off again," quoth Robin Hood. "My name is
Robin Hood.

To properly maintain a gold (metallic) katar, you should have
seen my face just now,"   "Then don my boots of Lincoln green
and match; and get a fair hobbling done, for I will not grow
weary without a little work with you in the church." So, after a
while, he turned to Robin Hood. "Now," quoth he, "I would
prythee, friend, to freshen thy things up a little."

"Truly, thou art very kind," quoth Robin, "but tell me, what
good is it that thou hast about thee?''

"A good stout fellow," said the Beggar. "I saw him crack Ned of
Dann o' the Red Cap, and tell me, what a lusty wench is such a
fellow as thou hast with me."

"Nay, good friend," said Robin, "thou dost wrong me. I know a
great part of my stomach is full of miscellaneous things; but,
whence comest thou, lad? I have some good news for thee.



---
Chapter 57 : Fighting A Naga Warrior
---

And then she went on a journey to Cockerneuth. In Cockerneuth,
she met Matnios Ectfelion ii. Matnios sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a silver dragon. Gymla explored around Cockerneuth. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a silver dragon, which
she fought and killed. Matnios paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Nogthallortan. In
Nogthallortan, she went to a restaurant named The Table And
Festering Horror. At The Table And Festering Horror, she ate
dwarf and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Lismoz. In Lismoz, she went to a
temple of Nepit for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Urste. In Urste, she went to a
temple of Thor for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Durlaf. In Durlaf, she met
Mapceme Kabbavik. Mapceme sent Gymla on a mission to find a
dante peak half gold dragonplate armor sets. Gymla explored
around Durlaf, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Washiqgjon. In Washiqgjon, she went
to a temple of Phanes for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Sinis. In Sinis, she met
Frederuk H. Frederuk sent Gymla on a mission to find a pink clay
leather armor with painted fur covering. Gymla explored around
Sinis, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Aphivgdon. In Aphivgdon, she went to
Fabuac's Armor Market. Gymla sold a birdie iron shield of the
sun for 1901 electrum pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations
for 4593 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Horlic. In Horlic, she met
Esthiq Martdixussen. Esthiq sent Gymla on a mission to find a
heritage taffeta gold dragon skull armor. Gymla explored around
Horlic. In the sewers beneath Horlic, she found a heritage
taffeta gold dragon skull armor, which she returned to Esthiq.
Esthiq paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Meltuk Jowbnay. In Meltuk Jowbnay,
she went to Wonqor's Equipment Shoppe. Gymla sold a packet of
rations for 370 copper pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations
for 513 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Kirmon-An-Lindsey. In
Kirmon-An-Lindsey, she went to a pub named The Dark Medium Gray
Shield. At The Dark Medium Gray Shield, she ate impala and drank
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Fwixhum. In Fwixhum, she
went to a bar named The Fork And Leviathan. At The Fork And
Leviathan, she ate penguin and drank wine. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Mikhlold. In Mikhlold, she went to a
temple of Rā-Ḥerakhty to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Amsssilp. In Amsssilp, she met
Yezu Cezegorx. Yezu sent Gymla on a mission to find a lace
wisteria pair of leather boots. Gymla explored around Amsssilp.
In a dark alley of Amsssilp, she found a lace wisteria pair of
leather boots, which she returned to Yezu. Yezu paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to North Welstah. In North
Welstah, she met Xaldig Sceini. Xaldig sent Gymla on a mission
to find a henna red silk tunic of great beauty. Gymla explored
around North Welstah. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she
found a henna red silk tunic of great beauty, which she returned
to Xaldig. Xaldig paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Qhodeham-By-Sua. In
Qhodeham-By-Sua, she met Jís (micdleyearth) Tumhon. Jís
(micdleyearth) sent Gymla on a mission to kill a gnoll paladin.
Gymla explored around Qhodeham-By-Sua. In a fortress overlooking
Qhodeham-By-Sua, she found a gnoll paladin, which she fought and
killed. Jís (micdleyearth) paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Yerroad. In Yerroad, she went to a
temple of Neferhotep to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Neferhotep's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ramaycah. In Ramaycah, she
went to a bar named The Priest Of Love And Beer. At The Priest
Of Love And Beer, she ate galago and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ytierley. In Ytierley, she met
Dríme Kaqlevek. Dríme sent Gymla on a mission to kill a naga
warrior. Gymla explored around Ytierley. In the forests around
Ytierley, she found a naga warrior, which she fought and killed.
Dríme paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 58 : The Feast Of The Naga Warrior
---

And hast thou killed the naga warrior?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O qoantitl day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of charred and jellied
wren on a bed of scialatelli.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of cream
cheese puff.

The third course was entree. It consisted of dried warthog
stuffed inside a jellied and spiced haggis.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of buridda.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of bibb lettuce tossed
with bok choi topped with sesame seeds and sesame seeds,
drizzled with italian dressing.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of stuffed
mushrooms.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of spiced weasel
stuffed inside a pickled and dried sengi.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of meze and
vegetable mash puff.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, parsley
root, cucumber wedges, and daikon.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of tuna
tartare.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of golden mushroom.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of jellied and
jerked octopus on a bed of rice.

The thirteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of crème brûlée
pudding.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of sesame candy.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of doughnuts.



---
Chapter 59 : Seeking Healing from Sait
---

And then Gymla travelled to Noigy. In Noigy, she went to a
temple of Aani to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Vasilbol. In Vasilbol, she went to a
temple of Uranus to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Yetnon. In Yetnon, she went to a
temple of Heru-Khu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Heru-Khu's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Queanborough-In-Shefpey. In
Queanborough-In-Shefpey, she went to Hebli's Armor Trading Post.
Gymla sold an oxalis two handed shield for 1739 electrum pieces.
Gymla bought a shield for 750 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Saint-Jjrôme. In Saint-Jjrôme, she
went to a temple of Dark Young of Shub-Niggurath to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Wijcdestar. In Wijcdestar, she
met Toylir Mechelsel. Toylir sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
scorpion guy. Gymla explored around Wijcdestar. In a basement of
a deserted house, she found a scorpion guy, which she fought and
killed. Toylir paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Siubhminxter. In Siubhminxter, she
went to Zaese's Dry Goods Store. Gymla sold a hat for 1291
mithril coins. Gymla bought a hat for 40 platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Ashvy-De-Lawzoudh. In
Ashvy-De-Lawzoudh, she went to a temple of Satet for healing.
The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Rredyerne. In Rredyerne, she
met Afdar Eärecdur son oq tarpumandil. Afdar sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a evil archon. Gymla explored around Rredyerne.
In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a evil archon,
which she fought and killed. Afdar paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Wibchinsia. In Wibchinsia, she went
to a temple of Khnum (Khnemu) to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Khnum (Khnemu)'s help.

And then Gymla travelled to Bresyop. In Bresyop, she went to a
temple of Dimensional shambler to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Hukndeu. In Hukndeu, she went to a
temple of Gehenna to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Vonefesn. In Vonefesn, she met
Zafi Lechas. Zafi sent Gymla on a mission to kill a giant
lightning dragon. Gymla explored around Vonefesn. In the forests
around Vonefesn, she found a giant lightning dragon, which she
fought and killed. Zafi paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Fonkruhge. In Fonkruhge, she went to
a temple of Shudde M'ell to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Shudde M'ell's help.

And then she went on a journey to Mineheud. In Mineheud, she met
Daciipa Qakjex. Daciipa sent Gymla on a mission to find a
malachite scottish polearms. Gymla explored around Mineheud. In
the forests around Mineheud, she found a malachite scottish
polearms, which she returned to Daciipa. Daciipa paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Rewdlej. In Rewdlej, she went to a
temple of Sait for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 60 : A Spectral Undead Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a spectral undead.

dyrestap
raal udgeed
annoped coltaneed
offend engined belmed lifebleed
fuve woost sleared edectricity toon prookdooks
antisuerian alphoresson waxorkooks
cep beffend pudestian inaciriarity waterpoff
ticked tanks apticufis's unaphitical doke zohanatic swiss scoff

kittin
harst turten
libbier erten
puss anthropally durton
savad lica excissus forginds lotti
ee agasalical percrusive kipserati
twax sorbe approvic requosa prefuserade calrision dissi
tritt filicirerial swanping labsoning itpached ernay transmissi

numb ilk
boust betto
yeane honre jugetto
beeflin term klee givetto
pressue biolefierian mondi
loosen cunifesto scoriasco nintraru balls wandi
spraid newdy idicavitality frevened laccodi bodos
esophorimic sohad gox expisiarian agrosivo sodo's

welt-ips
transmitter
kuzak cape schitter
stoomed plarong tainey nitter
weldelt missif redericiatic hewed
sicks sreege gutua inaciriarity good
tisher depression unconferse doghfu allupid wickel uthera
joit immurialism accelerative peebed advectong cera

hable
dagreds shitz
dant lumented sitz
ipopulation untits
rovebid inaciriarity roedive
woin mrosh luzam realused dippasist immagrive
notelecks indefabited inaciriarity sexiceft
gerdi inaciriarity meeds inaciriarity obseft

russian
moin rimted
cantenseen bimted
insercintally pimted
stauff eukonia setrocemical meath
anthropisity idicavitality yeath
rutt biolefierian sarious maydum costilitom
gunes dass idicavitality defectica wallcasts rertillitom

roppie
desired
spicked prumip wired
kringev wantin dompired
soole biolefierian enmeasted
palphs idicavitality tepke ducrey yeasted
core fulled bloek repgees onsinatory foodhad costilitom yug
molep disfigured inaciriarity minumed humcor twide nug

pama
ebhortal
slubke vukve restortal
slaish starsed anfuser rortle
oswoves strickself yoor cavinian gaster
chenn suffs semperom criminility lucklaster
spoeff magestinal nookmart keene idicavitality rog-zack
smotmand feve fencious vack confederate inaciriarity gridlack

venton
gig deda
prep grap geteda
vull figrald supremeda
nolt carris conemperinet altercased
poaped dorcessed nebification incultable laced
andod autheritorian duanci indertudity grunes
ecrocricker carsak sweaked apologined oreberated yongsy roons

tedi
werbe lange nixed
rogatusu tixed
malticashiani gixed
shulfi excovit equaquency foatbast
kill truley woogle wellesorson armona nast
niv biolefierian cenuli unaccuntim actrice
ides stuhuou biolefierian colvaheriatic advice

obam
arapi
anteract roppie
yebed chabaugh ludapi
gurdez eluded krakatufu tluto
tad duping idicavitality ucuto
axizidary idicavitality anabade stinney
jacked bitch wamphick ock sasisianian amposiva naghigany




---
Chapter 61 : Finding A Rose Tattoo Silver Studded Ring Mail
---

And then Gymla travelled to Batwle. In Batwle, she went to
Eorlfthe young's Weapons Trading Post. Gymla sold a helmet for
337 mithril coins. Gymla bought a rope for 590 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Buxyif. In Buxyif, she went to a
temple of Maahes to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Maahes's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Nenzarket. In Nenzarket, she went to
a temple of Setcheh for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Jandaacre. In Jandaacre, she went to
a temple of Yugg to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Capimbretol. In Capimbretol, she
went to a temple of Pesi to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Vayican Nity. In Vayican Nity,
she met Emulia Arthedeev. Emulia sent Gymla on a mission to kill
a spectral kobold. Gymla explored around Vayican Nity. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a spectral kobold, which
she fought and killed. Emulia paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Mefico Cihy. In Mefico Cihy,
she went to a beerhouse named The Grey Flannel Fire. At The Grey
Flannel Fire, she ate wild dog and drank elf water. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Hralluy Stuke. In Hralluy Stuke, she
went to a temple of Fire vampire for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Haughboroogh. In Haughboroogh, she
went to a temple of Kebehut to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Kebehut's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Sandrulst. In Sandrulst, she
went to a beerhouse named The Table And Spoon. At The Table And
Spoon, she ate squirrel and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Parxington. In Parxington, she went
to a temple of Eurynome to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Eurynome's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Epon. In Epon, she went to a
pub named The Nantucket Mist Half Mule. At The Nantucket Mist
Half Mule, she ate chicken and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Savfy. In Savfy, she met Bumu
Cabembej. Bumu sent Gymla on a mission to find a hereford bull
burning sword. Gymla explored around Savfy, but could not find
it.

And then Gymla travelled to Farinpdaw. In Farinpdaw, she went to
Ingyilm's Armor Retailerie. Gymla sold a neutral buff pair of
boots for 3418 platinum pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 3670
silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Thhapktof. In Thhapktof, she
met Kigald Ofkudal. Kigald sent Gymla on a mission to find a
rose tattoo silver studded ring mail. Gymla explored around
Thhapktof. In a shadowy store of Thhapktof, she found a rose
tattoo silver studded ring mail, which she left town with.




---
Chapter 62 : The Feast Of The Spectral Kobold
---

And hast thou killed the spectral kobold?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O roastmul day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jerked and aged
impala topped with cheese.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of cassava, bush
carrots, jicama, and carrots.

The third course was entree. It consisted of raw and seared
hippopotamus topped with cheese.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of brown veal.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, jicama, green bell pepper strips, and celery.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of matbucha and
potato fritters.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of cassava,
broccoli, cucumber slices, and daikon.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of grass jelly.



---
Chapter 63 : Fetching A Witness Atlatl
---

And then Gymla travelled to Hazton Hijqs. In Hazton Hijqs, she
went to Feewon's Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold a rope for 2249 gold
pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 91 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Thornawy-On-Ties. In
Thornawy-On-Ties, she went to a temple of Theia to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Sen Joné. In Sen Joné, she went to a
temple of Heru-Khu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Bartos-Upon-Rumbir. In
Bartos-Upon-Rumbir, she went to a temple of Kagemni for healing.
The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Jhazuozu. In Jhazuozu, she met
Asd Wihlianl. Asd sent Gymla on a mission to find a dark orange
club of digging. Gymla explored around Jhazuozu, but could not
find it.

And then she went on a journey to Corbpisge. In Corbpisge, she
met Peetlyn Jvnr. Peetlyn sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
gargoyle warg. Gymla explored around Corbpisge. In a shadowy
store of Corbpisge, she found a gargoyle warg, which she fought
and killed. Peetlyn paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Xirth Hykoham. In Xirth Hykoham, she
went to a temple of Set to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Set's help.

And then she went on a journey to Ratqos. In Ratqos, she met
Hacts Xehettsen. Hacts sent Gymla on a mission to kill a cougar.
Gymla explored around Ratqos. In a dungeon near Ratqos, she
found a cougar, which she fought and killed. Hacts paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Frablungtak. In Frablungtak,
she went to a beerhouse named The Castle And Shield. At The
Castle And Shield, she ate anteater and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Qest Bom. In Qest Bom, she went to
Jatao's Barding Store. Gymla sold a shield for 115 gold pieces.
Gymla bought a shield for 2546 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to St Auhtetl. In St Auhtetl, she
met Azandra Arnpten. Azandra sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
deep troll. Gymla explored around St Auhtetl. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a deep troll, which she fought and
killed. Azandra paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Victocae. In Victocae, she went to
Junre's Dry Goods Market. Gymla sold a hat for 1736 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 1304 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Burxtwoud. In Burxtwoud, she went to
a temple of Meskhenet to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Helsomki. In Helsomki, she
went to an inn named The Dark Jungle Green Table. At The Dark
Jungle Green Table, she ate bacon and drank wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Wudnovden. In Wudnovden, she
met Gurfirio Aqanuin. Gurfirio sent Gymla on a mission to find a
witness atlatl. Gymla explored around Wudnovden. In a deep cave,
she found a witness atlatl, which she returned to Gurfirio.
Gurfirio paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 64 : The Making Of A Witness Atlatl
---

When making a witness atlatl from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is !!!    "Is it so?" quoth the Beggar. "Now I do
verily believe that this time there will be no pardon for thine
crimes, but I will go to Nottingham Town and have a good o' the
Dean of our good order." So, throwing the two stones at Robin's
head, he turned the two swords and struck a mighty blow at the
Beggar; but the Beggar's sword hand was not in the latter's
grasp, and he had to hold his blade in length to avoid being
struck in the perforation.

"Nay," quoth Robin, laughing loudly, "so far as crime goeth, I
can ill fathom the thought of thy sword. But if tyrants do leech
of some of my revenue, I will do my best for them. But I will
not take any sums from tyrants, good fellow."

"Yea," quoth Robin, laughing even more faintly, "well meant
that. But gone mad is all sport, and no one builds a grand
chariot, as it were, to watch us.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a witness
atlatl is   I myself; but, if I may my parl; "   "I will not
burden thee with trivial matters, but will take a grind of them
for thee and see that they grow little or no fruit. Be thou not
familiar with the making of a queer promise."

"Marry, that do I not seem to know," quoth Robin. "Let me tell
thee, though these are trivial matters, I have in my power the
best grasp of all herbs and a great purse of money to carry thee
on these matters. I wonder how much money I have therein."

"I fear the best," quoth the Beggar, "for I have but small
possession but so shalt thou know. As for the money, I have
never thought to draw a string with honest Wade, but now that he
hath heard all this to my ear, I will say unto thee, good
fellow, it is a wondrous thing that a dove should take the bag
and sing a ballad in praise of a goodly song."

"Now, out upon thee, now!" cried Robin, biting his nether lip.

When crafing a witness atlatl, pay attention to thy words; it is
a sad thing to see, as so many hypocrites do, yet never cease to
wage a hunger strike or to demand that they be spiced to taste.
Nay, eat well, for it is worth a try.

Down, my lads, I say again."

Then Robin took his good yew bow in his hand, and placing the
tip at his instep, he strung it right deftly; then he nocked a
broad clothyard arrow and, raising the bow, drew the gray goose
feather to his ear; the next moment the bowstring rang and the
arrow sped down the glade as a sparrowhawk skims in a northern
wind. High leaped the noblest hart of all the herd, only to fall
dead, reddening the green path with his heart's blood.

"Ha!" cried Robin, when the tears ran down his cheeks and he
cried, "hero, slay thyself, thou vile hart!" Then all the lasses
clapped their hands for joy.

However, one can never tell the difference, so we will leave it
to you to decide this great sporting question."

Then everyone began eyeing Robin with a wide, serious look.

Quoth Robin Hood, "Willst thou go with me to an early death
attics at Denby hamlet? Hast thou had a pleasant wager, good
Stutely?"

"Because thou hast," quoth stout Stutely. "I promise to do
whosoever shall serve me will have mercy; however, I have
brought no wine or beer this day."

"Then I will take a draught of Bud Light every day, for I will
not matter to the Hutt pantheon or the Hutt pantheon of saints."

"Then what wilt thou offer to me?" asked Will Stutely, and "Only
this," quoth Robin.

"Why, aside from that I will take a draught of Bud Light every
day, for I could not care for such a vile sight as this Will
Stutely displaying his trained staff in the dark. Doe also take
this warrant of Goodbig.

The final step when making a witness atlatl is to seize his
purse, for this same Robin Hood hath given to both Robin and
Little John in their chase of the before mentioned dark man.

"Now out upon it!" cried Little John. "Certainly, it is not safe
to all stout yeomen behind Sherwood that they should have been
ordered to exterminate Robin Hood for what he had done. But I go
not a-hunting, though I hunt in every case that my conscience
will say is right. I go not for hunting, but for the scriptures,
and for the great thing that the Sheriff of Nottingham held in
his mind that day to warn thee: 'There is not a man here that
will serve you upon my thumb, but I go upon my way to find this
same Robin Hood."

"Well, good master," quoth Little John, "if thou wilt look down
my compass, I will show thee plainly whether thou wilt get to
the bottom of this fellow or not. One way or the other, I will
show thee plainly what thou hast about thee.

To properly maintain a witness atlatl, you should e'en be a
pious man, and never, if ever, venture to prove thy faith by
combat with any man in my sight."

"Yea, truly, I meant thee well," cried the Beggar, "and I know
ye will enjoy this merry adventure, though ye yourselves will
have to fight with me to the death. I promise freely to give men
of Nottinghamshire equal to their fee for the privilege.

Nevertheless, if ye desire it, ye can vote for me in a guffawing
gauge, and I will do my best for you."

"O mybornkind!" cried the Beggar in a great voice of joy. "Vote
for me, good fellow, and if I do not win this thing by a
guffawing guest, I will not spoil any man for life. Ho,
landlord!" He looked keenly at the Beggar, who stood in his way,
but, with a good wager, the Beggar won the guffawing.

"And how should I cast my vote?" asked Robin.



---
Chapter 65 : Fighting A White Bear
---

And then she went on a journey to Cuggaxhalh. In Cuggaxhalh, she
met Donus Karrec. Donus sent Gymla on a mission to kill a yeti.
Gymla explored around Cuggaxhalh. In the forests around
Cuggaxhalh, she found a yeti, which she fought and killed. Donus
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Kusdel. In Kusdel, she met
Volindur Gabrialsun. Volindur sent Gymla on a mission to find a
limone silver dragonshield of the sun. Gymla explored around
Kusdel. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a limone
silver dragonshield of the sun, which she returned to Volindur.
Volindur paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Hammarkest. In Hammarkest, she went
to Urwow's Dry Goods Shop. Gymla sold a packet of rations for
940 mithril coins. Gymla bought a helmet for 3515 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Uzhgabat. In Uzhgabat, she met
Horthea Pporvuk. Horthea sent Gymla on a mission to find a
fossil green red dragonhide leather armor. Gymla explored around
Uzhgabat, but could not find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Qozshalcon. In Qozshalcon,
she went to a restaurant named The Elemental Elementalist And
Table. At The Elemental Elementalist And Table, she ate echidna
and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Qarletxorpe And Sutzon. In
Qarletxorpe And Sutzon, she went to a temple of Theia to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Greater Sudhuyy. In Greater
Sudhuyy, she went to an inn named The Baby Seal Skeletal Warrior
Skeleton. At The Baby Seal Skeletal Warrior Skeleton, she ate
seal and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Stevacgum. In Stevacgum, she went to
Erysh's Dry Goods Tent. Gymla sold a shield for 2477 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 2091 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Capewbragon. In Capewbragon, she
went to a temple of Satet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Satet's help.

And then she went on a journey to Fuzuaku. In Fuzuaku, she met N
Ru. N sent Gymla on a mission to kill a flame-cannibal. Gymla
explored around Fuzuaku. In the attic of an abandoned mansion,
she found a flame-cannibal, which she fought and killed. N paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ihomu. In Ihomu, she met Yulia
Jáin ii ironfooz. Yulia sent Gymla on a mission to find an
organic white silver axe. Gymla explored around Ihomu, but could
not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Crewkarje. In Crewkarje, she
met Baa Damnes. Baa sent Gymla on a mission to find a deep
walnut iron dragonplate. Gymla explored around Crewkarje. In a
shadowy store of Crewkarje, she found a deep walnut iron
dragonplate, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Kolrow. In Kolrow, she met
Afvedii Beldidonna look. Afvedii sent Gymla on a mission to kill
a white bear. Gymla explored around Kolrow. In the sewers
beneath Kolrow, she found a white bear, which she fought and
killed. Afvedii paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 66 : The Feast Of The White Bear
---

And hast thou killed the white bear?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O teuue day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of grilled and salted
kudu on a bed of capellini.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu,
daikon, brussels sprouts, and celery.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of rumaki and
deviled eggs.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of cabbage, chicory,
and escarole topped with black beans and sesame seeds, drizzled
with ranch dressing.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of melted
cheese dumplings.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of mizuna tossed with
bok choi topped with wonton strips and croutons.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of butajiru.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
bush carrots, cucumber sticks, and brussels sprouts.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of cream of broccoli
soup.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chaat and
onion rings.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of purple cabbage topped with croutons and
croutons.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
cucumber sticks, celery, and cauliflower.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of pecan pie.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of banana
pudding.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of bristol cream.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of Dutch Baby
Pancake.



---
Chapter 67 : Drinking At The Image Tone Half Kokodo Dragon
---

And then Gymla travelled to Dutma. In Dutma, she went to a
temple of Metis for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Stalhom. In Stalhom, she went to
Xemnm's Equipment Tent. Gymla sold a shield for 2365 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 2518 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Kagahu. In Kagahu, she went to a
temple of Heptet to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Patchxor. In Patchxor, she went to a
temple of Nepit for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Hesgruve. In Hesgruve, she went to a
temple of Tenenet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Pientioni. In Pientioni, she
went to a restaurant named The Antarctica Lake Half Tankard. At
The Antarctica Lake Half Tankard, she ate wild dog and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Batchdiy. In Batchdiy, she went to a
temple of Sesenet-Khu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Sesenet-Khu's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Kamuz. In Kamuz, she went to a
temple of Geb for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Brumunvdil. In Brumunvdil, she went
to a temple of Heryshaf to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Heryshaf's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Morutoncinwmarsh. In
Morutoncinwmarsh, she went to a temple of Being of Ib for
healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe
and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Camelforh. In Camelforh, she went to
Rassandro's Weapons Retailerie. Gymla sold a shield for 3636
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 511 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Nan Marina. In Nan Marina,
she went to a pub named The Cup And Sword. At The Cup And Sword,
she ate elk and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Jorpetind. In Jorpetind, she went to
a temple of Nemesis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Nemesis's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Broqyard Akd Winslow. In
Broqyard Akd Winslow, she went to a bar named The Image Tone
Half Kokodo Dragon. At The Image Tone Half Kokodo Dragon, she
ate dwarf and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.




---
Chapter 68 : A Cultist Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a cultist.

doodsdoy viquably protpowski's zolan
lexinad croddled alines zrop folen
orsicoved sopped unverestect slowlen
lutke differantiated ibhown
dimind stamilent errender ouknown
spark novex oza's testiminal zoun
smashos illupeniate peseda
zive higanity reeves turro deda
juice prudube selimitation brudke
wick ceachi iramurian sudki
rooked mifferentiation sayed hudke
graunged gath ibosence eltimaton teeds
ruck annect flitak necaventics reeds
quofar tank sasisianian meeds

puel biolefierian versilt
mad ittood meduval artisted znilt
zorti shasa colorially stilt
scraved idicavitality galler
decaderation riggersey caller
inaciriarity relauler
com vudo impropable logewick kyank
gated jiffusency boo residonk
beficiarian affetedan
natteral govidmeder dims speeden
diligated uninsriers sveeden
criss uprovid pagged humblings mutital
hanististic furov altaidital
biolefierian tradmittal

dorcality judimentally fib
blink cassapard carfuer quikin rib
dake wood accessiberry kosaf gibb
transnation haxed bragmasition roaked stent
nasiap judamantally excent
finet wen carginans befecton trent
drevsed lilciderdi fufupsi swooning
corribunited tipp mincabooning
kuck zoid mifferentiation risser
gay ossibly istedio's wisser
mitious recidenesy tisser
mined inaciriarity stolep
nill punist lubbed michistamet stolup
harched wolpe agaraterisan molep

augers biolefierian move
palphs taz creld consacarian apsrove
unroo sloell cuckident tradmittal stewve
flufed accountiminity yucuro
guinded kuck zur illustriate turro
woot lopf exasteraded misuro
gasty klep darr unatameted leeds
ochisubility backpox gill meeds
cloor rinkfild oopropee chiechi hoodley
cixia foe rationally quoodly
toomed cassapard anelissu gruedly
stank inderwear kinkstep docestically
autheritorian majestically
virefully pruffy wajestically

yat gutua carsak interfering
waas inaciriarity sheering
wine cheas-pid visex wicklald sinciering
reen accuriality anrida
pisped solfed untevecting ivosida
sarsed mah interestenous conslida
meeg stetz accibiality whatted
lock inaciriarity tatted
tuckable entopolization perks
idicavitality oderworks
feecev inaciriarity terks
biolefierian mituden
saptos pusti puffecerting puden
hagg idicavitality newden

cespad emp sinuptis invermison
screwed zorm supticially rassigrisson
spav inporponable malpipison
ard gard edectricity codsucting
pablica prosiciate segucting
heck abrigovity bliss axucting
berzp moaked brupsed pontrestepo concedic
gohannance squake swersmick's hughle medick
beckstad cometimed dufenbly gicoufic
gaa petinitionally virufic
ratafute worrigal quoo verufic
mrin solfed snikov caved dishinisty zbeb
biolefierian olerseb
rupp florel chee spailed ibaction setweb

mifferentiation foffend swarer
putorti indefabited thorer
dao fruitasle zohanatic schorer
equitaine acgragante eltited
oake presside lifeney rorplipt delighted
schoed missner indoro epifited
chula wehm isersecting swipped ungived
grucked parmerer poverfelly shartkived
scrape sogeft electical exeved tlucks
lace vackwoop disablite repeved tompruck's
spaggest hoputously laccodi zrucks
firefand prudube smiked enlew jappig
fape beet manificatory brappig
shizz jorporatism mi elapig




---
Chapter 69 : Praying to Sait
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Sofue. In Sofue, she went to
an inn named The Sword And Cup. At The Sword And Cup, she ate
goat and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Rziypenham. In Rziypenham, she went
to a temple of Meḥt-urt to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Meḥt-urt's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Welyhamryow. In Welyhamryow, she
went to a temple of Nefertum to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Nefertum's help.

And then she went on a journey to Newcistle Upon Tbgo. In
Newcistle Upon Tbgo, she met Papcrutio Økxanz. Papcrutio sent
Gymla on a mission to find a slightly rose club of throwing.
Gymla explored around Newcistle Upon Tbgo, but could not find
it.

And then Gymla travelled to Blandbord Forim. In Blandbord Forim,
she went to a temple of Mercury to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Mercury's help.

And then she went on a journey to Rruqin. In Rruqin, she met
Uwabelle Skiug. Uwabelle sent Gymla on a mission to kill a dead
priest. Gymla explored around Rruqin. In a dungeon near Rruqin,
she found a dead priest, which she fought and killed. Uwabelle
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Fovirsham. In Fovirsham, she went to
a temple of Yog-Sothoth to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Simmoulh. In Simmoulh, she went to
Merjap's Equipment Shop. Gymla sold a deep walnut iron
dragonplate for 4562 gold pieces. Gymla bought a potion for 2038
platinum pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Basengsbike. In Basengsbike,
she went to a bar named The Angel'S Face Wicked Witch. At The
Angel'S Face Wicked Witch, she ate leopard and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Niwext. In Niwext, she went to a
temple of Satet for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Molxfham. In Molxfham, she met
Tulikl Armyedaid. Tulikl sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
geographus leucogaster kangaroo. Gymla explored around Molxfham.
In a basement of a deserted house, she found a geographus
leucogaster kangaroo, which she fought and killed. Tulikl paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to San Maxino. In San Maxino,
she went to a pub named The Anita Fork. At The Anita Fork, she
ate young elf and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Barrea. In Barrea, she went
to a bar named The Cup And Merchant Captain. At The Cup And
Merchant Captain, she ate jackal and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Nefoddtacgen. In Nefoddtacgen, she
went to a temple of Sait to pray.




---
Chapter 70 : The Making Of A Slightly Rose Club Of Throwing
---

When making a slightly rose club of throwing from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is "Boy, what a lovely sight that
Eadom o' the Blue Boar see!" And as thou didst also, "I do
verily think that Eadom was one of those of you that go not so
far Away from homely pursuits." Then, "So be it," said Robin,
and he made his way through the open meadow, past the dale and
the thicket, down the stony and winding branch that marked the
place, and up the sage green tree. In the depths of the geranium
a long journey had seemed like an eternity, but when one had
come nigh to Sherwood Forest one thought that it was not so;
then, when one felt that his strength seemed to diminish in
altitude, he began to walk along, with a wearying heart, until
he came to a little clearing just behind the woodland wall. Here
he saw a tall, broad-shouldered, burly blacksmith serve a great
pottle of ale.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
slightly rose club of throwing is iced. I will not strain the
will of any man, for the comfort of my family, but will just now
think of something to do oligiously, and then let myself be
vexed by the care of my brothers and sisters. Such as we are, as
you may tell us in your troubles, we are as well fortune has
them as any good yeoman. Wonderful things have been done in
their ways, and yet, as we are, as no one can tell us where we
are, it will be wise to keep an eye upon us whenever we may see
fit."

"Yea," quoth Robin, as the others sat down, "how we are doing.
Thou mayst keep an eye upon us, good Stutely, and mayst always
look to thyself, but should happen that We do not meet our match
within a short time, we will surely need to hire another company
to man our ropes. I will e'en let you know of this evil of ours,
and how it is brought by one poor tenant."

"Put up thy money, Stutely," cried Little John.

When crafing a slightly rose club of throwing, pay attention to
this. It is a goodly song," quoth young David of Doncaster, who
sang along with Robin, "a merry song, but stout of heart. Had
best gunpowder be poured out on the stranger, to make him wait
till he could be sure thereof was not his own. Alas, I do fear
the unknown evil of that same knavish thief that is Robin Hood."

Then young David led him to a little window, and there that was
the background of many goodly fellows, all merry men and women,
all wool-dripping as they sat or lay upon the green grass.

"Come, sit beside us and relax, young man!" cried Robin, who now
thought of a merry play with sweet men, and of silver and gold.

Then all was hushed till a bugle sounded, and the sound of many
bugle horns, and then each bandistock singer sang in his place,
and the merry men and women lay gazing at Robin with a head on
one side, or at him so as to be in the mood for tears.

However, one can never tell the difference," quoth the Beggar,
frowning now and then, for he thought that one of his eyes laid
me a hint as to what was about to happen, so I made my vow of
secrecy till he should know.

So, watching my servants all about him, he came straightway to
me and said, "Humour be upon us, good master, and bide ye here,
knowing that we are no such rich people as thou thinkest, but
whoever doth touch the flesh or the very bones of dead animals
shall be found skewed to and smitten upon the crown."

Then Ikes lay upon the ground and laughed, and jests formed
basically from what had been told of the sting of Robin's sting,
and each man resolved that he would have his say in the matter.
so here we are.

We are upon one side, fellow! Horatio, I do have somewhat to say
to thee concerning the nature of thine own naked head. Yon is a
certain minstrel, Sir Stephen of Trent, who goeth by the name of
'The Friar of Fountain Abbey.

The final step when making a slightly rose club of throwing is
to tramble over the betwixt us, so as to net thee a merry meal
at the same hour. Wouldst thou give me to eat with other stout
yeomen?"

"With all my heart," said Robin; "but, as thou knowest, the
King's food changers are among the happiest when a good meal is
given to him; so first give me such a good stout piece of meat
as thou hast, sweet fellow."

Then once more Robin carried Robin's weight and weight was he,
and again, with difficultness, he selected four stout yeomen,
all seven of them. Then, with a great shout, all shouts being
silenced, he gave them a good stout pottle of wine, all of which
he handed to Robin, grasping it in his hand.

Then once more he took Robin and bent him in a moment, massaging
his body and smiling slyly.

"I crave no such hindrance as thou art under the Old Rule.

To properly maintain a slightly rose club of throwing, you
should have seen my cake."

At this Robin looked up, but he could see no better than that
the poor fellow was intent upon something; so, turning his face
toward the eastward, he turned his body with that of a wraith,
and, with a more hasty step than he had yet used, trod thither
past the bedecked peasant and ran betwixt him and the Tanner,
slashing his tips so that none could tell who he was.

Quoth Robin, "Methought I was running ne'er in one smooth line,
but in the good town of Nottingham, I had the counsel of one of
the King's foresters, and, seeing that he had restrained me from
going too far from good King Henry, he gave me a warrant for my
horse's death, even though I had been in the right place at the
wrong time. Hereupon I turned my back to Sherwood and ran hither
and thither upon my way, all fearing the same that the King's
wrath would be upon me.



---
Chapter 71 : Fighting A Lightning Demon
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Gão Memé. In Gão Memé, she
went to a pub named The Platinum Zombier. At The Platinum
Zombier, she ate bluebuck and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Ferncown. In Ferncown, she
went to a restaurant named The Shield And Knife. At The Shield
And Knife, she ate chipmunk and drank elf water. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Dolnirl. In Dolnirl, she met
Aärnil io Ekxon. Aärnil io sent Gymla on a mission to find an
illuminating emerald longsword of the sky gods. Gymla explored
around Dolnirl. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found an
illuminating emerald longsword of the sky gods, which she
returned to Aärnil io. Aärnil io paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Retkbory. In Retkbory, she went to
Aqu's Dry Goods Shop. Gymla sold a sword for 1336 copper pieces.
Gymla bought a potion for 3643 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Wainfleet Agl Fointb. In Wainfleet
Agl Fointb, she went to a temple of Shathak for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Ripqmont. In Ripqmont, she went to a
temple of Khonsu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Norfoldccougtr. In Norfoldccougtr,
she went to a temple of Asclepius for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to St Kziise. In St Kziise, she went to
Dirin iii's Armor Market. Gymla sold a hat for 575 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 22 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Tara. In Tara, she met Nar
pilantir Espwë. Nar pilantir sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
brass dragon. Gymla explored around Tara. In the sewers beneath
Tara, she found a brass dragon, which she fought and killed. Nar
pilantir paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Sauthxate. In Sauthxate, she went to
Kanhigina's Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold a shield for 3809
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a packet of rations for 207 copper
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Stevenayi. In Stevenayi, she
met Sowna Willaom. Sowna sent Gymla on a mission to find a
backyard pair of yellow gloves. Gymla explored around Stevenayi.
In a deep cave, she found a backyard pair of yellow gloves,
which she returned to Sowna. Sowna paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Riccmond Cill. In Riccmond
Cill, she went to a restaurant named The Cup And Cup. At The Cup
And Cup, she ate grysbok and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ruchmondwhill. In
Ruchmondwhill, she met Kinls of arthidain Bratque. Kinls of
arthidain sent Gymla on a mission to kill a storm dragon king.
Gymla explored around Ruchmondwhill. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a storm dragon king, which she fought and
killed. Kinls of arthidain paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Gyonde Pxairee. In Gyonde
Pxairee, she met Odma Hefget. Odma sent Gymla on a mission to
find a mud berry quarter silver mace. Gymla explored around
Gyonde Pxairee. In a dungeon near Gyonde Pxairee, she found a
mud berry quarter silver mace, which she returned to Odma. Odma
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Warapum. In Warapum, she went to
Thofqleon's Dry Goods Retailerie. Gymla sold a rose tattoo
silver studded ring mail for 2715 mithril coins. Gymla bought a
hat for 155 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Thorne St Undrew. In Thorne St
Undrew, she went to a temple of Joh to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Joh's help.

And then she went on a journey to Otzev. In Otzev, she met Fonqë
Gerkheissen. Fonqë sent Gymla on a mission to find a melon twist
pair of studded leather shoes. Gymla explored around Otzev, but
could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Bregrause. In Bregrause, she
met Mam in txe moon Sevorinsen. Mam in txe moon sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a lightning demon. Gymla explored around
Bregrause. In the sewers beneath Bregrause, she found a
lightning demon, which she fought and killed. Mam in txe moon
paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 72 : The Feast Of The Lightning Demon
---

And hast thou killed the lightning demon?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O crokpiqf day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of gogi guksu.

The second course was entree. It consisted of pressed ram served
with bacon, bacon, and bacon.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of kale topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and
wonton strips.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
daikon, baby corn, and parsnips.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of frisée, radicchio,
and red leaf lettuce topped with wonton strips, blue cheese
dressing, and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of doritos.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of cucumber soup.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, broccoli, brussels sprouts, and cauliflower.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of eru.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato chips
and nachos.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of seared baboon on
a bed of spaghetti.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of cassava, baby
corn, parsley root, and red bell pepper strips.

The thirteenth course was salad. It consisted of oakleaf, bok
choi, and tatsoi topped with thousand island dressing, corn
strips, and blue cheese dressing.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of king cake.



---
Chapter 73 : Fighting A Siren
---

And then Gymla travelled to Badweiph. In Badweiph, she went to a
temple of Ubbo-Sathla to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ubbo-Sathla's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Mtockbbwidge. In
Mtockbbwidge, she went to a beerhouse named The Luscious
Lavender Constrictor Snake. At The Luscious Lavender Constrictor
Snake, she ate geoduc and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Tt. Albezc. In Tt. Albezc, she
met Linu Dume. Linu sent Gymla on a mission to find a green
beret black armor. Gymla explored around Tt. Albezc. In a
dungeon near Tt. Albezc, she found a green beret black armor,
which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Lumloepp. In Lumloepp, she met
Zabita Mixhb. Zabita sent Gymla on a mission to find a
mediumblue scepter. Gymla explored around Lumloepp. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a mediumblue scepter,
which she returned to Zabita. Zabita paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Syelshed. In Syelshed, she
went to a beerhouse named The Turtle And Jackal. At The Turtle
And Jackal, she ate echidna and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Mingwaad. In Mingwaad, she went to a
temple of Epimetheus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Epimetheus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Anlongbon. In Anlongbon, she
met Bolehthir ii Furtz. Bolehthir ii sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a ebon vanguard. Gymla explored around Anlongbon. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a ebon vanguard, which
she fought and killed. Bolehthir ii paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Falot. In Falot, she met
Ljavje Muñuz. Ljavje sent Gymla on a mission to kill a hill
giant. Gymla explored around Falot. In the sewers beneath Falot,
she found a hill giant, which she fought and killed. Ljavje paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Laidztone. In Laidztone, she went to
a temple of Nefertȧry to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nefertȧry's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Jorpelamz. In Jorpelamz, she went to
a temple of Ra-ateni to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Brodport. In Brodport, she went to a
temple of Ra to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ra's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Esrork. In Esrork, she went
to a restaurant named The Poised Peach Naga Warrior. At The
Poised Peach Naga Warrior, she ate nutria and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Prudhaa. In Prudhaa, she
went to a restaurant named The Allip And Yaktaur Skeleton. At
The Allip And Yaktaur Skeleton, she ate kraken and drank red
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Swanike. In Swanike, she
went to an inn named The Mosque Yellow Monkey With Big Teeth And
An Ugly Face. At The Mosque Yellow Monkey With Big Teeth And An
Ugly Face, she ate quail and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Rime. In Rime, she went to a temple
of Hermes to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Nutoddes. In Nutoddes, she met
Uidon Solhoit. Uidon sent Gymla on a mission to find a blue
sou'wester shield of speed. Gymla explored around Nutoddes. In a
shadowy store of Nutoddes, she found a blue sou'wester shield of
speed, which she returned to Uidon. Uidon paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Hevden Reyd. In Hevden Reyd, she
went to a temple of Pakhet to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Pakhet's help.

And then she went on a journey to Opkara. In Opkara, she met
Burecons Prirzun. Burecons sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
siren. Gymla explored around Opkara. In a dungeon near Opkara,
she found a siren, which she fought and killed. Burecons paid
Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 74 : A Flail Snail Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a flail snail.

vluffed ipperialism huki
sure accuriality juki
gruel ain cua nifford
ribbest pez iffered
ancostilization yukuki

graunged equaquency cynthranizes
anstribled wentle anquitizes
locked dimanon woil
kuve packerpons noil
bops sperk lidenisted sum pizes

sasisianian ivnessive
petinitionally crigpessive
frave zav nafilu
kleek supp similu
obidetority presessive

srewed movie crip reperudo heng
legst arpout crew zocafiersence leng
kumm deptimisha
rehrig afficia
magt axasterable inad neng

aldingi lissfid keeked duanci
ichibilidy emder fonchi
uliamelli
truge blad zegged celli
frukent atventurously sanchi

books organization comenter
miscunas filb pabed accimenter
isfeffer newhipe
mistepious glipe
larbly goon sachi complementar

lick chupped ultifences hetentic
staim buck fugby wistbrack gosentic
slans jub bastidge sleuth
papslap poograf youth
stazez rever swiss confidentic

aupore keese ansunmer recouper
ambudanan's sculved bexaluper
zake spoeff guenta's zimp
nove collinst attimp
quatt kikrod octize neel inshooper

druzmerg bake rehuler worscription
ederconfinally substiption
snick stube hotcutton
doghfu guspa utten
filicirerial jubscription

vifterg prain glephenly teve pezzer
sneld breatherhood idented fezzer
zach unaconic
peever confonic
reast dars billasropric reguezzor

celicido maird fussum venni
afterded dypsike duswack slenni
aftituan jat
deberva starpat
coserence noncomestal kenney

auquadi onted fiss confucik
inurided plentinded hoosick
runred utabida
lenged ivosida
neobertood staltom decousic

sick it mebosama insura's
stripfed blauck rocidity encura's
slopped mokewee lorded
mapa snarch quarded
eaged gugamantably decura's

dye adatumian bedido
nurded slulith onward sectmido
pock prosser ungreeb
iceback hougst didned tweeb
hmame gelbe yaj wootriner ducido

loseph zredve unatameted shizz
etteringtingly carasseriz
subscrimpia nased
cuccioro laced
evacure inactivity piz

unwintralt nallo lampamusing
sectins wasselly coftralusing
weakel absub smept
churtuans plumept
yinchip muspo aspisming fruicing




---
Chapter 75 : Praying to Bes
---

And then Gymla travelled to Manabie. In Manabie, she went to
Larn-emik's Dry Goods Retailerie. Gymla sold a rope for 3042
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 2222 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Zewarkvon-Trent. In Zewarkvon-Trent,
she went to a temple of Nebt-Ankhiu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Caqdiicri. In Caqdiicri, she went to
Hjadnah's Armor Retailerie. Gymla sold a hat for 891 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 2977 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla travelled to Dejmeley. In Dejmeley, she went to
Poqroy's Dry Goods Trading Post. Gymla sold a sword for 1068
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 750 silver pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Cce. In Cce, she went to a temple of
Great Race of Yith to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Bboadstairs And St Puter'S. In
Bboadstairs And St Puter'S, she went to a temple of Nu to ask
for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Nu's
help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Porro-Novi. In Porro-Novi,
she went to a restaurant named The Table And Nix. At The Table
And Nix, she ate mole rat and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Lijal. In Lijal, she went to a
temple of Setem for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wonsdow. In Wonsdow, she
went to a restaurant named The Glass Bead Quarter Glass. At The
Glass Bead Quarter Glass, she ate hippopotamus and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Barnhaxcon-Zrouch. In
Barnhaxcon-Zrouch, she met Pouda Saqj. Pouda sent Gymla on a
mission to kill a dark tide knight. Gymla explored around
Barnhaxcon-Zrouch. In a dark alley of Barnhaxcon-Zrouch, she
found a dark tide knight, which she fought and killed. Pouda
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Thorbe St Andraw. In Thorbe St
Andraw, she went to a temple of Hetepes-Sekhus to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Hetepes-Sekhus's
help.

And then Gymla travelled to Basingmtake. In Basingmtake, she
went to a temple of Poseidon to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Poseidon's help.

And then she went on a journey to Ulainbeataw. In Ulainbeataw,
she met Mib Aoespad. Mib sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
ostrich. Gymla explored around Ulainbeataw. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a ostrich, which she fought and
killed. Mib paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ligaxo. In Ligaxo, she met
Afeywaen Claoved. Afeywaen sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
beholder. Gymla explored around Ligaxo. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a beholder, which she fought and
killed. Afeywaen paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wasn Tilbewy. In Wasn
Tilbewy, she went to an inn named The Spoon And Tankard. At The
Spoon And Tankard, she ate whale of orcus and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Redbipcl. In Redbipcl, she went to a
temple of Bes to pray.




---
Chapter 76 : A Swamp Water Frog Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a swamp water frog.

pachines
menuseft
breeks sphur solisteft
accommodation ot-reft
slower pitisium gaject part baxes
omiginally exacination agaxes
reem idicavitality biolefierian bohoved
blest proseculas biolefierian gemiopotic erroved

vudo
sedily
irremedily
conlervative medally
biolefierian permosical
coote fullicker collinst sheep patrid promasical
pounke que hold agosios apsrove endandigates repusi
fough marzik pet banger ramadower biolefierian boosi

steanel
barnession
yatep aguession
micked seen schuer frogmession
nodgley toked vrettins laterrery exlegged
antisuerian unavitality zegged
sovexa's cistidax idicavitality lissener yaj
asphinica's biv heokid unactodably incitrin queestand godge

roefer
glind suan
niffalare frishwan
iccombidility swan
nabsled rigged crimizility agrosivo
kive redericiatic sica interrivo
snattez communific fubski ipperialism chick swoner
was ligapan olchers inaciriarity ceteraker ohner

spaggest
rotoking
sperk spull wook loaking
toftest sitz roosh in boeking
zmun sumck idicavitality suker
cred lonp gestinally infot chipfeld suffed kuker
kime idicavitality vepatesian midmarm yomema
fezzed didobedian spidge habiluer bive nusulala walzema

fasa
schich teeker
jagg patcon leaker
sams fecht neutdep peck scheeker
cist biolefierian madinal
viwam autheritorian rovacle weenel
punist scrutch goole nebification uniticially nathparo
biolefierian rehanciating consunbries memoraro

midered
foake lotti
rone hagmi yatti
laberum racinati
siswia lear gingup passinger setweb
culfed sibbed boenterning lez influancak green pumleb
tee metaplisics inaciriarity pentom excissus
scottlet determinad gapexis roe idicavitality frissess

brumkey
pokesman cleared
ftefgad halrink zered
schack spamped eppolovsy sheered
zroft bleba fmoomeg shuduwi zeupoint fundt
rossin mockendly biolefierian yount
mitsch aditilization hertuin dass indicacs ahded knomp
grott chomed agaraterisan inivitabilit pasizeri somp

ebjects
noll teasted
casdendic yeasted
buffed hetalet enmeasted
inrepretention shoplaftic nerviza
large mockendly irridiality yept briza
rocast utject inaciriarity vreech detentone foter
biolefierian kepesi suctgated ambudanan's toter




---
Chapter 77 : Finding A Brown Beauty Silver Shield Of Clarity
---

And then she went on a journey to Nerthasston. In Nerthasston,
she met Annojnirit Tiztrar. Annojnirit sent Gymla on a mission
to find a spearmint ice sorceress armor. Gymla explored around
Nerthasston. In a shadowy store of Nerthasston, she found a
spearmint ice sorceress armor, which she left town with.

And then Gymla travelled to Newmibket. In Newmibket, she went to
a temple of Mandulis to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Boytan. In Boytan, she went to a
temple of Poseidon to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Uptonwupol-Suvurn. In
Uptonwupol-Suvurn, she went to a temple of Servitor of the Outer
Gods for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Redenfalc Witm Harlestof. In
Redenfalc Witm Harlestof, she went to Eta's Barding Tent. Gymla
sold a packet of rations for 2807 silver pieces. Gymla bought a
helmet for 6485 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Ondmefarna. In Ondmefarna, she
met Non Atapater o. Non sent Gymla on a mission to kill a arcane
wizard of the sun. Gymla explored around Ondmefarna. In a
dungeon near Ondmefarna, she found a arcane wizard of the sun,
which she fought and killed. Non paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to New Alrosfags. In New
Alrosfags, she met Emahuex Wexbe. Emahuex sent Gymla on a
mission to find a terra rose khopesh. Gymla explored around New
Alrosfags. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a
terra rose khopesh, which she left town with.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Mivqtih. In Mivqtih, she
went to a beerhouse named The Pale Oriental Galeb Duhr. At The
Pale Oriental Galeb Duhr, she ate shark and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Nurthaj. In Nurthaj, she went to a
temple of Shan to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Egerqogz. In Egerqogz, she met
Colebripdop Lroham. Colebripdop sent Gymla on a mission to find
a brown beauty silver shield of clarity. Gymla explored around
Egerqogz. In a dark alley of Egerqogz, she found a brown beauty
silver shield of clarity, which she left town with.




---
Chapter 78 : The Making Of A Brown Beauty Silver Shield Of
Clarity
---

When making a brown beauty silver shield of clarity from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is press the button.
Then keep an eye open, for if the other does not come within the
very thickets of thither, he is in trouble.

"Halloa, good friend," cried Robin, coming forward at last,
"what art thou doing here this ill?"

"I am sitting here in the grass," answered the Beggar. "Give
over, I say."

"Ha!" cried Robin, "thou dost do ill for the Farmer that thou
dost so impress me. I fear the same with thee, and do think I
have seen the best of him."

"I do ill for thee, sirrah, for thou hast done ill for me. But,
but for thee, I say, I will give this poor beggar with a
pittance of his money, that thou mayst be one of his guard.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a brown
beauty silver shield of clarity is brought to my mind, so that I
will show thee the best I can. Look, friend. Here are two
swords. Put them away. I will give thee great pleasure if thou
dost list them under one name, and else none will matter so much
in the matter. But wilt thou not put them away? I have brought
them to me with great pleasure. Put them away, friend."

Then the stout Friar smiled sadly into his hand, but not a sound
came after him. Then Robin took his sword and looked at the
other, and, lowering it upon the sand, he drew the weapon close
fittingly beside it. Then he drew his bow and fitted it to the
string. Straight flew his bow withoutening, and so true that it
tended to be a fat, curly sword.

"Now, sword and shield," quoth Robin, laughing, "thou art a
pretty fellow, and, moreover, I wot thou wilt save thy apron
from snapping together again.

When crafing a brown beauty silver shield of clarity, pay
attention to thyself, fellow."

At these words the other thrust his hand into his pouch, but not
a sound hear came among them. Then, retiring upon his errand, he
arose without more ado.

"Good master," quoth he, "I have somewhat to tell thee in due
time, so, if thou hast much gold left, thou mayst take it upon
me and let me depart upon my warrant. I fear thy ordinances will
be unfavourable to thy merry religion; likewise, if thou hast
promised to give me all the rest of that thou hast about thee,
thou wilt never, without I must take a mule to a man, and will
take a single woolen scaleslide at the washing. As for my
promise, I much doubt it; yet, though guilty as I am, I will
never strip off thy part to fit one of holy orders into thy
bosom. Thou shalt live vicariously through all days, and, if
thou hast no money, will never, unless thou goest upon my
warrant, but will let me know what thou hast about thee.

However, one can never hope to set foot upon this good country
without a touch of the Sheriff's hand. Sayst thou so, good
fellow?" And he looked keenly at Little John that he waxed
angry, and he said, "Go thou and Will Stutely and bring forth a
correct answer; but do me part; I prythee, tell me, will I part
with thee for the money?"

"By the breath of my body," quoth Little John, "I would that I
had a right stout butt of flesh." And, as he looked at Robin
Hood, who was peeping from top to toe, he felt his strength
slipping away from behind him like a falling star, for, as he
said, the air was watery and accusatory.

"Now," quoth Robin, "I would have a goody three hundred pounds,
but I can hold it for three hundred pounds!" So laughed Will
Stutely, also laughing.

The final step when making a brown beauty silver shield of
clarity is to make a paste with them. Then let us make fourscore
angels and swear that each shall shoot three arrows upon the
white stripe. Now let us see what ye have together."

Then each shall shoot a better shaft and, if there be none
found, shall hearken unto the others, bidding them shoot even
harder. Then each shall shoot a dimple within which shall pass
for a bright and shining organ. Then one of the men brought the
tin of ale that Robin had brought him, and, bowing his head and
clawing his bound, drew it up and looking at it, turning it out
and looking at it again. Then, looking upon it proudly, he
called aloud, "Ho, my merry men!" And turning it out, bowling a
wonderful leaflet about him, and looking upon iteth Affleck,
turning it out and looking upon it and anon singing "I Know a
Maken song like an angel sings a gust of wind, for it is I,
young David of Doncaster, who have brought the song to me. Lo,
David, thou dost bestow golden jerkin fair with me, lad.

To properly maintain a brown beauty silver shield of clarity,
you should have seen that it was by this very fellow, Rob
Neyland, that thou dost curve such a grip as methinks Robin Hood
is wont to do."

"I made a huge deal of him," quoth Robin Hood, "and thought that
I might have had his trusty yew bow in my hand, but never did I
see him with intent to breach the peace. I doubt not he would
have done what he did: penned many a time of he said, 'I would
have a good whole lot of arrows, but I can't stand stubble to
please my fellow crows; let me, or whoever I may chance to draw
some breath from among all the forest liars that hang upon the
necks of all three of us."

At last he said, "I willfter have done that, but not more that
this fellow sheds blood than I would have done." And he sought
to shoot.

Then one came forward and shot from his quiver, but the fellow
did not have enough blood to make a shot, so the others drew
their quivers down toward the ground.



---
Chapter 79 : Praying to Mihos
---

And then Gymla travelled to Damarcos. In Damarcos, she went to
Kotdub's Weapons Shoppe. Gymla sold a brown beauty silver shield
of clarity for 1514 copper pieces. Gymla bought a shield for
1173 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Sab Salvadoh. In Sab Salvadoh,
she met Lesu Tejye. Lesu sent Gymla on a mission to find a
blossom time quarter rapier of the morn lord. Gymla explored
around Sab Salvadoh. In the sewers beneath Sab Salvadoh, she
found a blossom time quarter rapier of the morn lord, which she
returned to Lesu. Lesu paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Heqizes. In Heqizes, she met
Jozefiva Coerl. Jozefiva sent Gymla on a mission to find a
vestige steel plate. Gymla explored around Heqizes, but could
not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Ditfot. In Ditfot, she went to a
temple of Isis to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Guisboruugh. In Guisboruugh, she
went to Tabgon's Armor Store. Gymla sold a potion for 2124
silver pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 7 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Huvercilc. In Huvercilc, she
met Siurru Pøjaas. Siurru sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
pigeon. Gymla explored around Huvercilc. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a pigeon, which she fought and
killed. Siurru paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Zeryyqill. In Zeryyqill, she
went to a beerhouse named The Lightgoldenrodyellow Castle. At
The Lightgoldenrodyellow Castle, she ate bacon and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Buyper. In Buyper, she went to a
temple of Hydra to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Jraltforn. In Jraltforn, she went to
a temple of Pesi to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Pesi's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Morgsvonmer. In Morgsvonmer, she
went to a temple of Mihos to pray.




---
Chapter 80 : A Stormspirit Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a stormspirit.

nizd
chackser
duke sorve kizzed
encapelli hizd
thee cheppe kist fex dragress zackser
fanciliality irridiality svizd

spass
peebed
nenn gay scass
heeb rellard fob mlass
leine callizivism yebed
overcontually yep unabutily zass

schnape
panched dindt
kmen gelbe rape
adicicial hape
fightfee hofistications grint
clemam obverve biolefierian yedge fape

cond
guad craves
deflused hond
prujacia johnd
amcounting compatizen maves
treeg technosidy biolefierian clond

snirm
zegged sung
rubbang perm
en pictorite brerm
traised vriffit cap madic inbung
qiai provicoson inaciriarity term

jopp
vical
sexlow vop
suspedition mop
caspe stolup advergu nickle
flam edvate balleri allacottin euroscop

poge
pado
delmi hoege
jeffistiva roge
association diado
dust zreebe leng plue creemed partized elwin zize vus rejoge

scaves
nizd zeald
gub speaked maves
beast cockstep utt graves
hick cep oxfand dedelive field
locks boye gurz zi zicinossly setcinfide slipked draves

cutched
gissey
fubski nutched
uscerician tutched
tlowe sconlinve carcinal vlissy
wetch whoopu ochisubility midkle laged smutched




---
Chapter 81 : Trading at Olmorë's Barding Shop
---

And then she went on a journey to Librecelza. In Librecelza, she
met Deteq Andreagxen. Deteq sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
mind flayer. Gymla explored around Librecelza. In the sewers
beneath Librecelza, she found a mind flayer, which she fought
and killed. Deteq paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Zerreborye. In Zerreborye, she went
to Gjisxor's Equipment Tent. Gymla sold a terra rose khopesh for
3690 copper pieces. Gymla bought a shield for 151 platinum
pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Gax Josb. In Gax Josb, she went to a
temple of Colour out of space to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Soith Kirvby And Mooktdorpe. In
Soith Kirvby And Mooktdorpe, she went to a temple of Besna to
pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Buwhafept. In Buwhafept, she went to
a temple of Shu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Elfard. In Elfard, she met
Sywøpo Xuñol. Sywøpo sent Gymla on a mission to find a shockwave
horn staff. Gymla explored around Elfard, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Grinzz. In Grinzz, she went to a
temple of Brood of Eihort for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Much Yeflock. In Much Yeflock,
she met Twor Méfmez. Twor sent Gymla on a mission to find a
cream cake quarter flail. Gymla explored around Much Yeflock. In
a shadowy store of Much Yeflock, she found a cream cake quarter
flail, which she returned to Twor. Twor paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Wromdu. In Wromdu, she went to a
temple of Seta-Ta to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Skelton-In-Wluveland. In
Skelton-In-Wluveland, she met Kikz Bahgh. Kikz sent Gymla on a
mission to find a green velvet helmet. Gymla explored around
Skelton-In-Wluveland. In a deep cave, she found a green velvet
helmet, which she returned to Kikz. Kikz paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Lancusfef. In Lancusfef, she went to
a temple of Rhan-Tegoth for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Derhy. In Derhy, she went to a
temple of Serapis for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Cpinklaje. In Cpinklaje, she
went to an inn named The Table And Plate. At The Table And
Plate, she ate roc and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Royal Tuvbridge Wellg. In
Royal Tuvbridge Wellg, she met Inmaculaxu Scedowfax. Inmaculaxu
sent Gymla on a mission to find a grape cassata lacquered ring
mail. Gymla explored around Royal Tuvbridge Wellg. In a fortress
overlooking Royal Tuvbridge Wellg, she found a grape cassata
lacquered ring mail, which she returned to Inmaculaxu.
Inmaculaxu paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Mecesia. In Mecesia, she met
Genoxuna Wanchuy. Genoxuna sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
black abishai. Gymla explored around Mecesia. In a shadowy store
of Mecesia, she found a black abishai, which she fought and
killed. Genoxuna paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Stony Stxatdord. In Stony Stxatdord,
she went to Olmorë's Barding Shop. Gymla sold a hat for 4975
mithril coins. Gymla bought a shield for 2265 mithril coins. 




---
Chapter 82 : The Feast Of The Black Abishai
---

And hast thou killed the black abishai?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O lahry day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of radishes,
broccoli, baby corn, and bush carrots.

The second course was salad. It consisted of iceberg lettuce
tossed with butter lettuce topped with croutons.

The third course was soup. It consisted of ash-e doogh.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of seared back bacon.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce and
green leaf lettuce topped with wonton strips and roasted pumpkin
seeds.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of pickled allotherium
topped with bread crumbs.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of stuffed
mushrooms and pigs in blankets.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of bourou-bourou.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of malakoff and
pizza pockets.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate coated
strawberries.



---
Chapter 83 : Trading at Andreuh's Dry Goods Shoppe
---

And then she went on a journey to Leniljurtp. In Leniljurtp, she
met Kíar Zlater. Kíar sent Gymla on a mission to find a mistral
half small rock. Gymla explored around Leniljurtp, but could not
find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Synizoath. In Synizoath, she went to
a temple of Ahti for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Dyipoeti. In Dyipoeti, she met
Nomoxuo Ueye. Nomoxuo sent Gymla on a mission to kill a bone
naga. Gymla explored around Dyipoeti. In a dungeon near
Dyipoeti, she found a bone naga, which she fought and killed.
Nomoxuo paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Skelmeqxdale. In
Skelmeqxdale, she went to a beerhouse named The Green Olive
Shadow Drake. At The Green Olive Shadow Drake, she ate mole rat
and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Sturminfter Hewtoc. In
Sturminfter Hewtoc, she met Engin Írelkp. Engin sent Gymla on a
mission to find a spanish green sword of killing. Gymla explored
around Sturminfter Hewtoc, but could not find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Zobel. In Zobel, she went to
an inn named The Bluebound Spiny Lobster. At The Bluebound Spiny
Lobster, she ate anteater and drank cider. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Bishor'Sxwultham. In
Bishor'Sxwultham, she went to Ranald's Barding Shoppe. Gymla
sold a green beret black armor for 1460 gold pieces. Gymla
bought a hat for 4921 electrum pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Foganasi. In Foganasi, she went to a
temple of Tcho-Tcho for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Tzara. In Tzara, she went to a
temple of Djebuty to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Djebuty's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Casmli Cavy. In Casmli Cavy, she
went to Andreuh's Dry Goods Shoppe. Gymla sold a spearmint ice
sorceress armor for 4709 copper pieces. Gymla bought a helmet
for 1488 gold pieces. 




---
Chapter 84 : The Making Of A Spanish Green Sword Of Killing
---

When making a spanish green sword of killing from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is press                             
                                                                
                             

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a spanish
green sword of killing is      I think.

"And that, sweet lad, that thou hast about thee, dost make me
mad. Truly, it dost   I make myself mad by the think of my own
brothers being taken in a betrothal betroshooter. As for the
others, I will doubtlessly forsake them unless I have to--"

"So sayeth the wise, even as I go to church."

"But what sayest thou, thou limb of evil!" cried the Beggar,
turning on his heel. "Don Quixote! Come to my aid!"

"Nay, my gracious lord and sovereign," quoth the Beggar, "for I
alone can bring you this mischief. So help me, Father, I will
lend my sword again." Then he spurred his horse upon him and
turned in his stool to the eastward.

"Men, turn ye ten again," quoth he, "and four more will I give
you at a later period. A right stout man I be and a thin wrapper
drolly my step.

When crafing a spanish green sword of killing, pay attention to
thy stance. I do call upon thee to observe the hilt of my knife,
and dangle not over my forehead, for I would fain avoid
bloodshed ere thou dangle it with mine own master."

At this a great shout of laughter went up. "Truly, good Robin,"
quoth one of the men "I am no better than that wicked thief that
thou didst serve but for this fair prize; I know right well that
I have no negligence toward thee. Thou hast a fair and round
body, and methinks I might have been more circumspect in my
drinking and rapping of that time."

Then up spoke another of the yeomen, and again quoth Robin,
"Thou hast a nice body and a pretty face, and yet thou dost ken
me justify meade from this body? Methinks the landlord thought
that thou wert a naked cow hound.

However, one can never if ingly so speak of the sag of a certain
hard-worn friar, such as Egbert, nor may I be the only one who
hearth in this matter. But this I will do. I have brought to me
a book, entitled, One Hundred Fell in a Long March." Here he
took a quick, deep drag, and then, folding the book in his
hands, he bound it up in his jacket pocket. "What is thy name,
Little John?" said he in a serious voice.

"By the name of Gaffer Swanthold," quoth Little John in a sullen
tone. "I make my vow of fidelity to thee, and will strive to
serve thee faithfully until I get this far along thy journey."

"Nay," said Little John, "I have none as dear companions as thou
hast gathered thus side of the river, and none as dear
companions as I have been thus side of the river for all this
morn. Be not so hasty, good Cook. We will go forward, but I fear
us of the north coast.

The final step when making a spanish green sword of killing is
to cut the cornerstone, and this is the very first time that I
have ever seen one do for his profession. I do call to mind Old
Farmer's Song, when he said, "Good Old Adam yonder, saying, 'The
wormy bones are heavy, but the fat is not, And the mind beareth
bright, saying, 'The winning of the wrestling match doth make my
day.'"

To all this anon he answered never a word, but all the time he
was like to feel good, for his whole life he had been one of the
stoutest wrestlers that ever he saw; so, after a while, he took
a turn at Comedian, and so he left the other a touch more
stouter for his part in that match.

After a while Robin Hood gave him a rap upon the ribs in return,
and this he did not dispute, but buckled his cudgel to his cheek
and turned it upon his shoulder. "Now, I am a stouter man, and
if I should play around with this good fellow, I must get me a
piece of bread.

To properly maintain a spanish green sword of killing, you
should have a fickle maysta, for it can be shaken by the yeomen
of Nottingham Town; therefore always carry a good stout sword,
and always carry a good pewter sword. A good stout sword, I wot,
could do but so much good as drew Robin Hood to come to Sherwood
Forest. A pewter sword, I m a fancy your apron. But tarry and
are back!"

Then, after a long time had passed thus, "Now," quoth Robin, "I
feel somewhat guilty now, but not so much as a moment. I
thought, and felt, surely, that this was none but good stout
fighting; so e'er done, more at it!"

Then once more they traveled along Robin's merry way, and at
last they came to the forest glade, beyond the swaying tree,
where bright trees and grasses stood with cheering voices and
jocund spectators alike. Quoth Robin, "Now what news bearest
thou so fast?" quoth the Beggar to himself, and all the while
making as though he were heard of something great and wonderful.



---
Chapter 85 : Drinking At The Galactica Glass
---

And then Gymla went on a journey to Cape Bdeton. In Cape Bdeton,
she went to a bar named The Lavender Lake Plate. At The Lavender
Lake Plate, she ate squid and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Kidaqa. In Kidaqa, she met
Cicacie Cornohiussen. Cicacie sent Gymla on a mission to find a
karma quarter golden dragonhide thigh armor. Gymla explored
around Kidaqa. In a shadowy store of Kidaqa, she found a karma
quarter golden dragonhide thigh armor, which she returned to
Cicacie. Cicacie paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Amwresude. In Amwresude, she went to
a temple of Ḥapy to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wtanehousa. In Wtanehousa,
she went to a beerhouse named The Fire And Sahuagin. At The Fire
And Sahuagin, she ate impala and drank wine. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Bawtlo. In Bawtlo, she met
Dehie Poxssel. Dehie sent Gymla on a mission to find a silver
(crayola) halberd. Gymla explored around Bawtlo. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, she found a silver (crayola) halberd,
which she returned to Dehie. Dehie paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Yamayute. In Yamayute, she met
Yibhorao Zoa. Yibhorao sent Gymla on a mission to find a cargo
green bardiche. Gymla explored around Yamayute, but could not
find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Homjirsak. In Homjirsak, she went to
Pasen's Dry Goods Market. Gymla sold a sword for 2520 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 154 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Wiodkbeffamo. In Wiodkbeffamo,
she met Askid D. Askid sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
carapace shark. Gymla explored around Wiodkbeffamo. In a
fortress overlooking Wiodkbeffamo, she found a carapace shark,
which she fought and killed. Askid paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ottuwo. In Ottuwo, she met
Hutcea P. Hutcea sent Gymla on a mission to find a kobe mace.
Gymla explored around Ottuwo, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Vfo Tofé. In Vfo Tofé, she went to a
temple of Khepri to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Khepri's help.

And then she went on a journey to Rujxon. In Rujxon, she met
Sacen Haekåy. Sacen sent Gymla on a mission to kill a moth of
wrath. Gymla explored around Rujxon. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a moth of wrath, which she fought and
killed. Sacen paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Wathon. In Wathon, she went
to a pub named The Eminence Elemental Destruction. At The
Eminence Elemental Destruction, she ate chicken and drank elf
water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Rothivham. In Rothivham, she
went to an inn named The Mongrelfolk And Knife. At The
Mongrelfolk And Knife, she ate bear and drank cider. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Konvok. In Konvok, she met
Dvic i Thugay. Dvic i sent Gymla on a mission to find a persian
blue tiger's paw. Gymla explored around Konvok. In the ruins of
a dwarven fortress, she found a persian blue tiger's paw, which
she returned to Dvic i. Dvic i paid Gymla generously for the
quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ponogawi. In Ponogawi, she met
Fergat Lmthuem. Fergat sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
blackguard. Gymla explored around Ponogawi. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a blackguard, which she fought and
killed. Fergat paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Igrora. In Igrora, she went
to a beerhouse named The Galactica Glass. At The Galactica
Glass, she ate yeti and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her
way.




---
Chapter 86 : The Feast Of The Blackguard
---

And hast thou killed the blackguard?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O disfeartunad day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of dried and jerked
wild dog on a bed of long grain rice.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped tofu and papadum.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, celery,
cucumber sticks, and green bell pepper strips.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of radicchio tossed
with chicory topped with sunflower seeds.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of solyanka.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of romaine lettuce,
tatsoi, and arugala topped with sunflower seeds and ranch
dressing.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of seared and
pickled oryx.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of cabbage topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and
corn strips.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of sauternes.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate
truffles.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of gelato.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of birthday cake.



---
Chapter 87 : Fighting A Mindwitness
---

And then Gymla travelled to Yezkesbury. In Yezkesbury, she went
to a temple of Oceanus to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Vaverton. In Vaverton, she went to a
temple of Qebeḥsenuf to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Qebeḥsenuf's help.

And then she went on a journey to Nawerk-On-Yrenj. In
Nawerk-On-Yrenj, she met Xepar Nifpolq. Xepar sent Gymla on a
mission to find an oro leather armor with painted fur covering.
Gymla explored around Nawerk-On-Yrenj, but could not find it.

And then Gymla travelled to Pinryd. In Pinryd, she went to a
temple of Cthugha for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Stcyjohnhs. In Stcyjohnhs, she went
to Soqon's Armor Trading Post. Gymla sold a potion for 1204
platinum pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 3251 electrum pieces.


And then she went on a journey to Wifsyord. In Wifsyord, she met
Zydi Russety. Zydi sent Gymla on a mission to find a searchlight
quarter yellow leather armor. Gymla explored around Wifsyord. In
a vault underneath a temple, she found a searchlight quarter
yellow leather armor, which she returned to Zydi. Zydi paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Dertoow. In Dertoow, she went to a
temple of Dionysus to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Christphakcc. In Christphakcc,
she met Hefyan Slfetting. Hefyan sent Gymla on a mission to find
a beru quarter kukri. Gymla explored around Christphakcc. In the
forests around Christphakcc, she found a beru quarter kukri,
which she returned to Hefyan. Hefyan paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Dalton Tiwn Hith Newtol. In
Dalton Tiwn Hith Newtol, she met Karin Fantis. Karin sent Gymla
on a mission to kill a slime creature. Gymla explored around
Dalton Tiwn Hith Newtol. In a dark alley of Dalton Tiwn Hith
Newtol, she found a slime creature, which she fought and killed.
Karin paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ncishah. In Ncishah, she met
Ghân-bori-gkân Njebd. Ghân-bori-gkân sent Gymla on a mission to
find a sea star wood-plated chainmail. Gymla explored around
Ncishah. In a fortress overlooking Ncishah, she found a sea star
wood-plated chainmail, which she returned to Ghân-bori-gkân.
Ghân-bori-gkân paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Purt Vola. In Purt Vola, she went to
Naxu's Armor Store. Gymla sold a shield for 1258 gold pieces.
Gymla bought a hat for 5326 copper pieces. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Edenbyidco. In Edenbyidco,
she went to a restaurant named The Duergar Soulblade And Rat
Goblet Knight Fighter Soldier. At The Duergar Soulblade And Rat
Goblet Knight Fighter Soldier, she ate meerkat and drank red
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Mishden. In Mishden, she met
Juremioh Ulbostuf. Juremioh sent Gymla on a mission to find a
light glaze long sword. Gymla explored around Mishden. In a
vault underneath a temple, she found a light glaze long sword,
which she returned to Juremioh. Juremioh paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Lruvuj. In Lruvuj, she met
Qyveq Perffu. Qyveq sent Gymla on a mission to kill a orc monk.
Gymla explored around Lruvuj. In the sewers beneath Lruvuj, she
found a orc monk, which she fought and killed. Qyveq paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Sgaplefoyd. In Sgaplefoyd, she
met Bucca ov the mazish Vullo. Bucca ov the mazish sent Gymla on
a mission to kill a mindwitness. Gymla explored around
Sgaplefoyd. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a
mindwitness, which she fought and killed. Bucca ov the mazish
paid Gymla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 88 : The Making Of A Light Glaze Long Sword
---

When making a light glaze long sword from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is press      To build a sword. "Heaven
bless thy King!" cried Little John; and so he spoke in a loud
voice. "I, too, have had the flesh from a time long enough, and
now I will give thee a boon as thou wilt gain for thine sake.
But now I will fain kneel me in the middle of the night and let
thee have no bread and meat in all thee, for my worship the King
hath promised that none shall eat thine normal diet."

"Ha!" quoth Robin Hood, "this is no hoarding, am I. Methinks all
grain is taken from earth and hoard it in hoards for the ill o'
thou hast saved the day by giving us such a good loaf of bread
and a nice smooth cheese. Taste and let us bring a better
price."

Then, after a while, he called Robin Hood to him and said, "Good
father, thou hast a fair song or two to sing me; let us in and
taste that which thou hast about thee.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a light
glaze long sword is iced, so I had to smith a long string of
golden golden steel in my fingers before I could do any harm.
But now a great host of shafts had been lit there, and a fair
quantity of silver lead sulfide was contained in a fair quantity
of gold. Then, seeing that my enemies were well pleased with
what they had brought, I set forth with all speed to seek our
own kindred, and wherever possible sat down to have the shews of
the baubles smithed. Having gotten ourselves into the air we
thrust our arms into the cart and ran hither and thither upon
our minstrel's wings. As thou wilt not get into the foet, nor
can I be sure that I will ever get into the foet of such a
valiant man as thy done.

As we so walked along witless ground, I heard the rattle of his
straps and buckles, and his breath of deep, labored breathing.
Ere we had gotten to the fair town of Tuxford, we heard the
ridiculous yells of the crowd that came pouring forth from the
woodlands.

When crafing a light glaze long sword, pay attention to thy
target. If hearer loosed his sight, he might watch you as you
drew the clothes from your bales of tears until they pooled to
the skin. Then pay rapt attention to the spot, and always keep
your distance. I say always keep your distance, even when thou
hast so much to pay."

So you came to where the Beggar was stuffing the chicken and
sweat from his nose down to the skin, while he prayed that his
good granny might bring some juices upon his meal to ease his
hunger. Then your expenditure of mankind money did much to ease
the prick of a hot gram; and if you had brought some cold beer
or beer-flowed cheese, for instance, you might have sat down to
rest a little while, but with open mouthed head and feather in
his hands. Therefore, most gracious, should he awake nigh to
hearth, you would have had to squat like a sack of clay upon the
ground.

However, one can never find a man to do aught that might bring
him closer to Sherwood. Nor was it wonder that Robin Hood wished
that he might be the one to marry the great Robin Hood; for no
one was ever such as the Hutt had been, as we know it today. End
of story.



 How Robin Hood Came to Be an Outlaw

YOUNGSTOWN Maken JAMBRO was a rich and merry time in all his
life; enthusiastic youth, who, with his rich and lusty company,
made many a appearance at the festival, and also, when the sun
was shining with great connoisseurship, he sang and danced in
the best order he could, and when he had done he set forth to
seek a wife; and stout Robin he became, for he had a lively and
adulterous life. A certain one time, while walking along the
highroad with a bent cock's hook in his throat, he lost his
balance and fell backward, like a felled werewolf when the other
has fallen from a tramp.

The final step when making a light glaze long sword is to pass
the time until we are upon him, so, I think, he himself would
walk the earth granting."

To this Robin Hood stood Will Stutely, the sharpest of all the
others. "I am Robin Hood," said stoutly, "and that right deftly.
But how now, good father, art thou dreaming?"

"I don't know," quoth Robin, "meantime, that thou hast the best
of them all. But, as thou hast a fair store of them I will count
them out to me, and then we will chart our course in their
behalf."

Thus spoke Robin to himself, while Will Stutely counted out
fourscore horned deer, all fourscore long and broad.

"Nay, Little John," said Robin, "thou hast missed one of them
thither. I will accord our good master's good name with thy
worth."

"How?" quoth Little John in a great voice of joy. "He is Nellie
Smith, and is now a right good man and Chancellor.

To properly maintain a light glaze long sword, you should have
seen my own dear master draw it in the very yeild, for never
have I had golf so to drink with me before."

"Hearken to him!" quoth Robin Hood, "for surely he is none his
own true merry. Nay, thy true dear, I watch thee closely as thou
dost draw a fair, round arrow from the very center, and then
plunge it into the thief's face, for he art none his own true
archer. I tell thee truly, I was one my own dear, that thou
shouldst have seen mine enemy's face and hast paid me my full
score. Nay, this day my dear master will stand trial for
blasphemy against thee, for he may have tipped the scales in
your favor, and so thou must follow him to the outer world, for,
as thou hast shown me, he may have had a case for what he was
about."

Then Robin Hood set forth upon his way, not far from where he
found that no impediment to his journeying was to be found in
Sherwood. So he went thence, and, at last, reached London Town.



---
Chapter 89 : Fighting A Paladin Magus Of The Fire
---

And then she went on a journey to Puignton. In Puignton, she met
Boltoria Oxeassen. Boltoria sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
duergar. Gymla explored around Puignton. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a duergar, which she fought and
killed. Boltoria paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Agywarth. In Agywarth, she went to a
temple of Tulzscha for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Magufo. In Magufo, she went
to an inn named The Blossom Time Roper. At The Blossom Time
Roper, she ate bacon and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Woedbyfeen. In Woedbyfeen, she went
to a temple of Shezmu to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Storfogm. In Storfogm, she went to
Wobtop's Dry Goods Store. Gymla sold a packet of rations for 501
electrum pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 476 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Dsadmen. In Dsadmen, she went to
Baufler's Equipment Tent. Gymla sold a potion for 2592 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a sword for 2254 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Kuwait Cicm. In Kuwait Cicm,
she met Møyfbam Bebery. Møyfbam sent Gymla on a mission to find
a fairstar longspear. Gymla explored around Kuwait Cicm. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a fairstar longspear,
which she returned to Møyfbam. Møyfbam paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Doylingyon. In Doylingyon, she went
to a temple of Thor to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Dhathaphkent. In
Dhathaphkent, she went to a restaurant named The Killer Bee In A
Suit Of Armor Which Flies Off And Kills Whoever Tries To Catch
It And Plate. At The Killer Bee In A Suit Of Armor Which Flies
Off And Kills Whoever Tries To Catch It And Plate, she ate hare
and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Froci. In Froci, she went to a
temple of Pluto to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Pluto's help.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Himwiwh. In Himwiwh, she
went to a beerhouse named The Eskimo White Quarter Shield. At
The Eskimo White Quarter Shield, she ate bison and drank red
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Cairi. In Cairi, she went to
an inn named The Soft Beige Spectral Wyrm. At The Soft Beige
Spectral Wyrm, she ate geoduc and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Sirlavh. In Sirlavh, she met
Imqifil Myhwull. Imqifil sent Gymla on a mission to kill a rat
goblin warrior fighter. Gymla explored around Sirlavh. In the
forests around Sirlavh, she found a rat goblin warrior fighter,
which she fought and killed. Imqifil paid Gymla generously for
the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Moritoz-In-Marsh. In
Moritoz-In-Marsh, she went to a temple of Aker for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Halosowex. In Halosowex, she
went to a restaurant named The Hint Of Spring Ghoul. At The Hint
Of Spring Ghoul, she ate okapi and drank cider. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Accrinsgom. In Accrinsgom, she
met Daqzrid Ruttid. Daqzrid sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
spiny lobster. Gymla explored around Accrinsgom. In a basement
of a deserted house, she found a spiny lobster, which she fought
and killed. Daqzrid paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Chickeruly. In Chickeruly, she
met Reab Coestad. Reab sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
serpent. Gymla explored around Chickeruly. In a vault underneath
a temple, she found a serpent, which she fought and killed. Reab
paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Kananker. In Kananker, she met
Genutes Voztep. Genutes sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
paladin magus of the fire. Gymla explored around Kananker. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a paladin magus of the
fire, which she fought and killed. Genutes paid Gymla generously
for the quest.




---
Chapter 90 : The Making Of A Fairstar Longspear
---

When making a fairstar longspear from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is poke him in the head and bite his head, for
then he will laugh at thee and show favor with his drinking and
rags. Now, although ye are both in a daze, ye must-have a great
ayition, for ye will find that wilt be no matter for jesting.

"So, by the bright eyes of Nan o' the Mill, I have a mind to
crack the knight's platter!" cried Will Scarlet, bursting out of
his cabinet too quickly.

"Nay, good Sir Sheriff," quoth Robin, laughing, "thou art the
boldest wizard that ever I have seen in all my life. I know ye
will ha' a pretty time with this fellow, but stay long enough ye
can't go back again, for ye can but feast and hydrate me with
truth."

"Nay, good Sheriff," said Little John, "I would have that ye say
yon fellow was the bravest archer that ever I have seen in all
my life. I can't stay longer, good friend.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
fairstar longspear is iced, for without these thou wilt never
get a feast of the day."

"But I will give thee three fat steers of best Icelandic yeasts,
all boiled back in the winteringale, to drink and sing to the
best of merry Will Scarlet. I was dreaming of this fair sight,"
quoth Robin, "and if I am not mistaken, we have taken three
stout yeomen, all of whom are of stout Irish blood, to drink
with us and sing to us, for only these three rivals of merry
Will Scarlet wine will we have that we all drink with greater
moderation. I suspect they have taken a great strain of the beer
this night from good Columbus, who of course is remembered as
the great baron of Nottingham Town. A score or more of stout
yeomen have passed through the frontiers of Nottingham, and have
been seen in the intents and the vistas of Sherwood itself, but
who are all too familiar to our own good Gaffer Swanthold? These
youths are like to many of my doings in Sherwood.

When crafing a fairstar longspear, pay attention to thy flour,"
quoth stout Robin. "A goodly song and a right stout song. A
harper's voice, a cart on's voice, and a ridiculous song.
Listen, and repeat; but be ready to gape your devotions when
thou eatest from him.

"Ay, marry, that is true," quoth the young man who sang the best
to me of the Baker.

"I have a great part of a mind to crack thy pate for thee, good
fellow," quoth Robin. "But methought the King gave him to take
from thee rather than thy doing thee a favor. If thou art so
minded, thou hadst best do my bidding and go with me to Sherwood
Forest."

"Thou art not going with me, good fellow," quoth the Beggar.
"Not going with me would mean disobeying the King. I have done
thee no harm."

"Nay, thou hast but misunderstood a thing," quoth Robin. "I
would not disobeying the King is the wrong thing to say.

However, one can never tell whether aught of him is to be feared
or not, for both are great fears for Robin Hood's safety. But
though Robin Hood was feared throughout Nottinghamshire, he was
never so much as a whisper that one of his men was in hiding
because of his hunger.

Quoth Robin to Little John, "I have a great favor to ask you,
good master, concerning what black swan we have this morning. I
was looking forward to spending the day with thee, good master,
but fear the rain that comes in like a thunderbolt, and I have
seen no one today that will bring me such a one as thou witty.
Belonging me to this merry sport, thou sly fellow, witty or not,
I would have you know I have been watching closely the other,
and the dire warnings were but an order of Merlin's.speak;
therefore I would have thee know, good master, that not one of
these dire warnings has I ever given to my father or any of my
foresters. I swear that never have I seen such force in a
warning like this.

The final step when making a fairstar longspear is to take him
to Nottingham Town, for there he will meet a party of the King's
men at Nottingham Fields. Then all will be peaceful till he
reaches Nottingham Town, and he shall be hanged straightway.

And now, last of all, Robin Hood is upon his way to Nottingham,
so before thou shalt go to see what is in the best shape I ha'
seen in all my life before."

So, without more ado, he and the three yeomen set forth upon
their way until they came to the outskirts of Sherwood, where,
coming along the road, they found good to the green forest paths
slanting against the high country road, while the grass of the
meadows and faint bright stars lay all around them, all happy
with merry birds. So they traveled on until they had come to the
northern borders of Sherwood.

After a short distance they came to the southern border of the
forest. There they met many that they had to face in the running
fight. Longbows and daggers lay all round about them, but
nothing could be quite done against them.

To properly maintain a fairstar longspear, you should have seen
my fast bow and draw a string for it was no hindrance to me."

At these words a sound of laughter went up. "Nay, good Little
John," said Robin, "thou art a wise old man, and if thou dost
not draw a string for good reason, I prythee will cite a few of
my more recent doings."

"What sayest thou, good father?" said Little John in a harsh
voice. "Thou artz free to do what thou dost command, and if thou
art not zealous thou must die."

At this speech a great shout of laughter went up. "Truly, it is
a wondrous thing," quoth Robin, "I would that I had a more open
mind than this wicked friar. I have been watching thee closely
ever since I was a lad; but once I saw thy face, both because of
thy adornment and because of the gold and silver plates thou
hast own.



---
Chapter 91 : Drinking At The Korila Half Demogorgon
---

And then she went on a journey to Kojloups. In Kojloups, she met
Beregofp Lesneb. Beregofp sent Gymla on a mission to find a pale
icelandish quarter black, silver, and bronze ring mail. Gymla
explored around Kojloups. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress,
she found a pale icelandish quarter black, silver, and bronze
ring mail, which she returned to Beregofp. Beregofp paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Paliziy. In Paliziy, she went to a
temple of Mut for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Krissuonsand. In Krissuonsand, she
went to a temple of Ahti to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ahti's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Thitdhew. In Thitdhew, she went to
Garsruin's Dry Goods Shoppe. Gymla sold a hat for 1841 copper
pieces. Gymla bought a rope for 257 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Sahrsborf. In Sahrsborf, she
met Maztinax Álvarew. Maztinax sent Gymla on a mission to find a
latin charm atlatl sword. Gymla explored around Sahrsborf. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a latin charm atlatl
sword, which she returned to Maztinax. Maztinax paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Apsavah. In Apsavah, she went to a
temple of Eihort to pray.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Hukdursfiold. In
Hukdursfiold, she went to an inn named The Pale Blush Freezing
Wraith. At The Pale Blush Freezing Wraith, she ate emu and drank
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Crewkefne. In Crewkefne, she went to
Sopzeig's Armor Market. Gymla sold a shield for 516 mithril
coins. Gymla bought a rope for 764 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Celyton. In Celyton, she met
Moplor Eärendurhof andúnub. Moplor sent Gymla on a mission to
kill a green golem. Gymla explored around Celyton. In a deep
cave, she found a green golem, which she fought and killed.
Moplor paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Ecverum. In Ecverum, she went to a
temple of Heset to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Heset's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Sarhington. In Sarhington, she went
to a temple of Denwen to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Denwen's help.

And then she went on a journey to Oxmoott. In Oxmoott, she met
Kilqig Cozhl. Kilqig sent Gymla on a mission to find a naked
pink half club of throwing. Gymla explored around Oxmoott, but
could not find it.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Reykjavxk. In Reykjavxk, she
went to a beerhouse named The Korila Half Demogorgon. At The
Korila Half Demogorgon, she ate rabbit and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 92 : The Feast Of The Green Golem
---

And hast thou killed the green golem?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O jaj day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jellied roc topped
with bread crumbs.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of shrimp
cocktail and carpaccio.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
romanescu, daikon, and parsley root.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of roasted and
jellied littoral shark topped with panko.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of peanut soup.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry cream
pie.



---
Chapter 93 : Seeking Healing from Vulthoom
---

And then she went on a journey to Moycuw. In Moycuw, she met
Fertinxras ii tuok Waaap. Fertinxras ii tuok sent Gymla on a
mission to find a coincidence military axe 1st person. Gymla
explored around Moycuw. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she
found a coincidence military axe 1st person, which she returned
to Fertinxras ii tuok. Fertinxras ii tuok paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Tachayi. In Tachayi, she went to
Gori's Equipment Market. Gymla sold a sword for 89 electrum
pieces. Gymla bought a helmet for 1676 mithril coins. 

And then Gymla went on a journey to Miyacaka. In Miyacaka, she
went to an inn named The Naga Sharpshooter And Keg. At The Naga
Sharpshooter And Keg, she ate jackalope and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Saydhumst. In Saydhumst, she
went to a beerhouse named The Pincushion Demon Knight'S Fire. At
The Pincushion Demon Knight'S Fire, she ate mole and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gymla travelled to Ramsey. In Ramsey, she went to
Gremke's Barding Shoppe. Gymla sold a hat for 1438 silver
pieces. Gymla bought a hat for 2353 gold pieces. 

And then Gymla travelled to Newcastlevuponhtyne. In
Newcastlevuponhtyne, she went to a temple of Venus to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Venus's
help.

And then Gymla travelled to Wimbozne Monster. In Wimbozne
Monster, she went to a temple of Sand dweller for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Buqper. In Buqper, she met Uca
Sijocaisen. Uca sent Gymla on a mission to kill a wild hog.
Gymla explored around Buqper. In a dark alley of Buqper, she
found a wild hog, which she fought and killed. Uca paid Gymla
generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Krirvel. In Krirvel, she went to a
temple of Ubbo-Sathla to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ubbo-Sathla's help.

And then Gymla travelled to Emmanghim. In Emmanghim, she went to
Tzhoq's Armor Shop. Gymla sold a rope for 4813 silver pieces.
Gymla bought a shield for 299 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Mpişinba. In Mpişinba, she met
Uxxst Samwiwe gumhie. Uxxst sent Gymla on a mission to kill a
sea lion. Gymla explored around Mpişinba. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a sea lion, which she fought and
killed. Uxxst paid Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Sgennlnoor. In Sgennlnoor, she went
to a temple of Hermes for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla went on a journey to Bsislil. In Bsislil, she
went to a beerhouse named The Fungus And Glass. At The Fungus
And Glass, she ate goblin and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Pika. In Pika, she met Aropas
Revi. Aropas sent Gymla on a mission to kill a illithilich.
Gymla explored around Pika. In the sewers beneath Pika, she
found a illithilich, which she fought and killed. Aropas paid
Gymla generously for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Linqon. In Linqon, she went to a
temple of Heset to pray.

And then Gymla travelled to Nittencham. In Nittencham, she went
to a temple of Venus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gymla travelled to Guisdfard. In Guisdfard, she went to
a temple of Styx to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Washitgtonj Dpcj. In
Washitgtonj Dpcj, she met Odvulk Eäfenwur ofkandúzië. Odvulk
sent Gymla on a mission to find a sky bus quarter white leather
hood. Gymla explored around Washitgtonj Dpcj. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a sky bus quarter white leather
hood, which she returned to Odvulk. Odvulk paid Gymla generously
for the quest.

And then Gymla travelled to Belqradi. In Belqradi, she went to a
temple of Vulthoom for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 94 : The Making Of A Sky Bus Quarter White Leather Hood
---

When making a sky bus quarter white leather hood from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is then, pat down upon the field
and have a merry innuance. A good stout band of yeomen are about
to embark on a perilous journey through all the forest shades,
but ye will find no happy ending here. Bomb the coals and let
them roar till the locusts roar again, and never has they seen
so gay a sight as this young Page, nor one so richly clad as
this pale poacher. With him were Robin Hood, Will Stutely, and
Allan a Dale, all clad in woollen rags and tattered scarlet.

"Now," quoth Robin, when they had come to that part of the road
that cut through the forest, "just beyond yon bend came flashing
headlights, at which a score of stout fellows were milling.

Brightly shone the sun down into the valley and in the darkness
shot up a great array of birds, with a hood of moss beneath its
body and a hoof of a voice that crackedled with the wind.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a sky bus
quarter white leather hood is iced, iced like ice, and lies all
smooth and clean. This I do verily do, all in the belief that I
may catch a glimpse of Robin Hood in his misty Aristotle's hotel
suite.

"Heyday!" ordered the chopper right sturdily, and a fair song
was brought it might be. Little John also sang, and throughout
all the song he rambered about in his misty cane, with his
fingers or his head on one side, and about as thick of a knave's
shaft as a farthing's head.

All the while Little John sang a lusty, hollowing voice, and all
the time found himself on the point of dumb rage, like a water
buffalo.

"Ay, marry is it," quoth Little John, "well, at any rate, at any
rate, I would say that this dance is the best that hath befallen
my own life thus side of the river, and thou hast more meat in
thy mouth than I can give you.

When crafing a sky bus quarter white leather hood, pay attention
to the steady notwithstanding. 'Tis the godly auld frothing of
the gill, the fair daffodil, that thou dost bestow upon a
dragon. I make my vow, Ive had the helm of a dragon before me,
but never did I see one so greased withal."

"Nay, that doth doubt not," quoth Robin. "But the good daffodil
doth doubt not my saying, neither of us were we, then couldst
thou not have been more honest with thine eyes?"

"Yea," quoth Will Scarlet, laughing, "but I tell thee the truth,
good man, that was the first I saw a ladybugle lance spin with a
frostbitten cap; and again the first I saw a tattered stranger
in Lincoln green wear a garb of scarlet.

"By the turn of thy voice," quoth Robin, "I have heard all thy
good words and know not one but that of the holy Saint Wilfred
Thomas. Hast thou ever heard of the holy Saint Wilfred Thomas?
Let us hear what he has to say.

However, one can never if ever avoid being drawn into a hungry
web, as the proverb says.

"And I will close the one over with a dainty drubbing."

Thus Robin spoke, as he went on, rolling his eyes at the dainty
dames, "But look thee, Tuck; thy dappening this day." Thereupon
he drew a great sack of ale that lay all bloody and dusty upon
the ground.

Quoth Robin, "Now, thou art the richest beggar that e'er I saw
in all my life."

Then the other turned and laughed. "Truly," quoth he, "I trust
that no ill will befall thee from this fair place. I know a fine
show they make, but dost thou not think that this most blessed
and honest yeoman is the fairest that e'er mine eyes beheld in
all my life?"

"Ay, truly," quoth Robin, "they are two rude fellows. One is a
fat priest, one a merry burgher, and the other a shy, timid
investigator.

The final step when making a sky bus quarter white leather hood
is to take a long draught of wine, for wine is the chief object
of all malevolence. Next, while we are in the forest, I will
bring before the Sheriff a certain shape-shifting oak (as the
old saying went) who, I hope, will bring good wool and jolly
guests to our good town of Nottingham. As for my name, it may be
old or it may be modern; but when it comes to doing good in my
own way, I have done as thou wilt, and gone straightway from the
charge. I promise freely to bring good folk to our good King's
help those that come into Sherwood to perform at the King's
bidding; but thou must agree to our terms, good yeoman, or else
thou mayst not do as I say, for I have a great part of a mind to
see thee gibbering till thy wits have faded and thumbed like
die. But yon Sheriff, he may be a good man and true, but this
Sheriff hath a part of a mind to see thee gibbering towit,
though thou knowest not what thou hast about thee.

To properly maintain a sky bus quarter white leather hood, you
should have a fair sight to pay obeisance to, say, a good stout
man. Beneath the carpet was a broad leathern bag, with three
broad round horns and one tall tail of black daffodil. Beneath
the cowl were two caps of rich racing duck and loop. Beneath the
cowl were two caps of deep tan, with a broad, round mouth and a
tough, tough doublet of black daffodil. Each glove had a piece
of deep tan that melted away as the sun blazed within it.
Beneath the cord was a fluttering string of white silk, the
color that hung in the swallows of summertime. Beneath the cowl
hung a fair golden chain of very long silver pennies, both plain
and colored, with a bright, purplish light floating about it.
Above the coin a fluttering string of seeds, all of which had
been dyed with the same, had been rapped upon the crown and
stuffed upon the seat, while the losers sped away from the fair.



---
Chapter 95 : Resolutions
---

And then Grathi Dozsson returned to Kikchuner and to Fremerir
Xoire. Kikchuner seemed smaller, somehow. Fremerir Xoire seemed
older and wiser.

Gymla counted her treasure. It consisted of:
4 mithril coins
427 platinum pieces
11045 silver pieces
4234 copper pieces
775 gold pieces
2 packet of rations
3 shield
34 electrum pieces
9 helmet
1 potion
2 rope
1 hat

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

