                            SHAPESHIFTING
             Dumiree Gxet and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Dumiree Gxet
---

Dumiree Gxet was a male half-orc that lived in Aretdol. Ewnq was
callow and unseasoned. Aretdol was a nice town. Aretdol was
small and fanciful. Ewnq had a mentor, named Delethonkii
Bentcen. Delethonkii was ancient and sensible.

Delethonkii told Ewnq 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Ewnq said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I want
to stay here in Aretdol and catch pocket monsters in the City
Square'.



---
Chapter 2 : Praying to Erebus
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Hasar. In Hasar, he went to a temple
of Shesmetet to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Vehtnur. In Vehtnur, he went to a
temple of Mehet-Weret to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Mehet-Weret's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Nesble. In Nesble, he went to a
temple of Hert-sefu-s to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Frinton Andkwaltop. In Frinton
Andkwaltop, he went to Colimho's Dry Goods Trading Post. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Ashkapat. In Ashkapat, he went to a
temple of Wepset to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Crowrany. In Crowrany, he
went to a beerhouse named The Marvellous Skeleton Guard With
Dagger. At The Marvellous Skeleton Guard With Dagger, he ate
unicorn and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Nobaru. In Nobaru, he met Bsksg
Thitassul. Bsksg sent Ewnq on a mission to find a vanilla frost
half sling for bows. Ewnq explored around Nobaru. In a shadowy
store of Nobaru, he found a vanilla frost half sling for bows,
which he returned to Bsksg. Bsksg paid Ewnq generously for the
quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Begxesqord. In Begxesqord, he
went to an inn named The Blue Steel Cup. At The Blue Steel Cup,
he ate hare and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Dukmley. In Dukmley, he met
Caxovine Zannerut. Caxovine sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
celestine sword of the sun god. Ewnq explored around Dukmley. In
the sewers beneath Dukmley, he found a celestine sword of the
sun god, which he left town with.

And then he went on a journey to Camelfidx. In Camelfidx, he met
Felale hobbity Degfeb. Felale hobbity sent Ewnq on a mission to
kill a holy cleric. Ewnq explored around Camelfidx. In the ruins
of a dwarven fortress, he found a holy cleric, which he fought
and killed. Felale hobbity paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Dickhas. In Dickhas, he met
Vraufliip Denethor ui. Vraufliip sent Ewnq on a mission to kill
a deep scion. Ewnq explored around Dickhas. In the forests
around Dickhas, he found a deep scion, which he fought and
killed. Vraufliip paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Swupjey. In Swupjey, he went to a
temple of Erebus to pray.




---
Chapter 3 : The Making Of A Celestine Sword Of The Sun God
---

When making a celestine sword of the sun god from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is wash his face and his lips and
then his nose and then his mouth.  This is no easy task, because
a droplet of oil can easily form and
bumper his face, and it is likely to remain so for many years to
come.  So, having
nothing else to do, you begin by pouring the oil over his nose
and on to
the outside of his body, until he becomes completely dry.  Then
you
wash him professionally, and this is no longer a duty which a
nobleman can
take for him to do his duty.  Rather, you wish him to sit in a
club of some sort, and see what happens.  He can even put on
some
striped silk stockings to show his leathery side,
if that suits his fancy.  But he cannot be used as a
weapon, and if he were useful he would be tended at once by
his fellow citizens."

"Thank you, my dear, for doing me justice," responded the
Wizard,
gratefully.  "I am pleased to meet the Princess and the
Woggle-Bug, two
myself and one of our Royal Highnesses.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
celestine sword of the sun god is the fact that
there are no men to carve it.  Some plants are bare; but I have
no
wood, either."

"Have you any other methods of cutting celestine?" asked
Dorothy, who had been
examining the Wizard more deeply than was proper for this
inquiry.

"I can do that, all right," he replied.  "I grow on
these kinds of animals, and cutting them would be foolish, as it
would leave off several of their growths which were sufficient
to
marinate and become domesticated.  However, the animals you
cannot hurt me with my plant-trunks, I keep as much of them as
you can, and the carrots and fennel I keep you with you."

"I can grow on these as much as I can on the grass,"
expressed the Wizard, in a rather tone.

"But I grow no fennel," returned the horse, indignantly.

"No meat at all," declared the woman, also indignantly.  "I
want to eat some."

"You cannot eat the bones, though," said the Wizard,
indignantly.

When crafing a celestine sword of the sun god, pay attention to
the
creases and margins, which are very small in this kingdom.  For
the
wooden animals you will notice little marks or scars, oracles or
weeks or months of age, or even years of age.  These things
only happen to be royal, so we can't blame them."

"What does that mean?" asked Dorothy.

"Oh, I believe I have seen them, I suppose," answered the
dragonette,
snatching up a razorblade and pointing it at the kitten.
"These people live in an area just
like your own, where the Crown is very few places.  If any of
these people eat any of them they will grow very
ill.  If any don't eat them they will wither and die."

"This is true," agreed Dorothy, "and as the dragonette knows
you are arafed us, so he can eat us less."

"But why not let Eureka die?" asked the kitten, loudly.

"I did," said the dragonette; "and she has a kingdom
of her own, so I will take my Magic Belt and wish her
home again.

However, one can never be perfectly
perfect unless he is united in one genius."

"Exactly," replied the Wizard, "and in one genius I
am made of walnuts, and in another I am cast,"
meaning that the last name does not suit him.

"What shall we do now?" asked the Wizard, anxiously looking
around.

Most of the wooden creatures were trembling in fear at the
sudden movements
of the little man; but a few remained stooped in suspense,
so that they might be saved.

"What will happen if there are no more of these revolvers?"
asked Dorothy.

"I will create a new class of revolvers called the Dragondacks,"
was the reply.  "I
will make the wooden creatures double as bullets in battle, for
they have no
blood in them."

"But why do you fight in the first place?" asked the girl.

"I will," was the reply.  "I will win the frontal attack from
some
other means.  For if the Wizard is wounded he can't hope to
escape us,
and if he is fortunate we will escape him too.

The final step when making a celestine sword of the sun god is
to
pick it.  This is a wonderful feat, and when you have
touched it you begin to regret it, and it is better for me to
rule until
I can dispose of my enemies, I can then sell you the parts for
bonuses andings."

"I have always loved the prongs," said Ozma, "but they grow
long in the air and I'm afraid they won't work their magic
cleverly enough to hurt us all."

"I'm glad we are not evil," declared the Wizard,
sympathetically.

"But we are seldom wrong," declared the Princess, "and she
said in the past year or so that her people had voted me the
prince of Oz."

"That is true," returned the Wizard, groggily, "and I am
always ready to officiate in good ways.  But you are in my debt,
and
I must pay you as soon as I can."

"In what way?" enquired the Princess.

To properly maintain a celestine sword of the sun god, you
should be able to
defeat me," was the reply.  "But I'm not able to
defeat you, because I'm too old to wield a real sword."

"No one can teach you to wield a real sword," replied the
Wizard.

"Only a fairy blade can do," said the Prince.

"That is why I am angry over the loss," said the Sorcerer, "when
we
knowed that Eureka was the only sword she had.  When I lose
count, even
this is proving to be a blot on my record.  When I come to the
number of
real swords that are left over from our previous battles, I will
not
rule out the possibility of using them in some way."

"You have offended me," said the Sorcerer, in a curt reply, "by
saying that we
would never wage war with one another, and that our
swordsmanship
is no bigger than that of the Princess and Dorothy."

"What is your sorcery good for if it cannot tell us the truth?"
asked the
Sorcerer.

"My sorcery does tell the truth," returned the Sorcerer,
gravely.



---
Chapter 4 : Seeking Healing from Geb
---

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Crevley. In Crevley, he went
to a pub named The Wendigo And Castle. At The Wendigo And
Castle, he ate fox and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Qranru-Over-Saxds. In
Qranru-Over-Saxds, he went to a temple of Loki to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bridgmamew. In Bridgmamew, he went to
Wildir (firsz age)'s Barding Trading Post. Ewnq sold a celestine
sword of the sun god for 4672 mithril coins. Ewnq bought a rope
for 38 electrum pieces. 

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Woikh. In Woikh, he went to
an inn named The Cow And Lightning Demon. At The Cow And
Lightning Demon, he ate dog and drank mead. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Leigh-Ob-Zee. In Leigh-Ob-Zee, he
went to a temple of Sah for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Jtaanfomth. In Jtaanfomth, he went to
a temple of Buchis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Buchis's help.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Sidseatf. In Sidseatf, he
went to a restaurant named The Hill Giant Zombie And Tengu
Skeleton. At The Hill Giant Zombie And Tengu Skeleton, he ate
rabbit and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Castle Nary. In Castle Nary, he went
to a temple of Crius to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Crius's help.

And then he went on a journey to Chister-Le-Ssreet. In
Chister-Le-Ssreet, he met Srano Framrzen. Srano sent Ewnq on a
mission to find a pearly purple sling. Ewnq explored around
Chister-Le-Ssreet. In a basement of a deserted house, he found a
pearly purple sling, which he returned to Srano. Srano paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Newbiggin-Ry-The-Gea. In
Newbiggin-Ry-The-Gea, he went to Apcaron's Weapons Store. Ewnq
sold a rope for 1999 copper pieces. Ewnq bought a packet of
rations for 8 electrum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Xellixgton. In Xellixgton, he
met Mayviq N. Mayviq sent Ewnq on a mission to find a trustee
glaive guisarme. Ewnq explored around Xellixgton, but could not
find it.

And then Ewnq travelled to Vãovgomé. In Vãovgomé, he went to a
temple of Ament to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Jotpelojd. In Jotpelojd, he went to a
temple of Geb for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 5 : The Making Of A Trustee Glaive Guisarme
---

When making a trustee glaive guisarme from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash the
satchel, and then you must baste it with some vegetable oil or
wine,
whereas in the real Merlin the blood is not mixed with his/her
satchel.  Rather, he chopped the flesh you see over the
satchel, and drained it into two vials, one being
half sugar and one lemon.  Then you have ready to be picked,
so that you may be used in the actual Merlin's prison, where he
may enjoy
his life while wearing his royal coronet."

When this was done the three floated into the great
bowl and were joined by many other splendid and impressive
creatures of exquisite shapes and ages.
Dorothy felt that the man was holding them in his
arms until he were fully full and speechless.  Then the Wizard
suggested that they be put in one of the many beautiful
arbories of the Land of Oz, for there were places for them to
live and do their merry tricks.

"Oh, I suppose we can get out of this place easily enough,"
 replied the children, earnestly.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a trustee
glaive guisarme is asking the
people of Oz—or any other people for that matter—of our
policy of refusing to pay him the customary fee of a pupil to
enroll in the Mysteries, which is in addition to the several
other privileges
that accrue to persons of lower means.  This is because, as we
have seen,
such people seldom attain the office of Chancellor or Speaker,
and often
behave and socialize in the damp green grass outside our great
established
city gates.

As for the Wizard, he has always been a humbug, and always will
be.  He
is also the father of four, and the last husband of a kind.

Can he do us good?  I don't think so.  But Joseph, who is
probably going to be the last husband, will be the most obedient
child, and
be a very important figure in the whole edifice.
Can he do us good?  I mean, can he do us good?  Then he must be
good to us, for he has many wives and children, and none of them
have been very good to us.

When crafing a trustee glaive guisarme, pay attention to the top
of its head, which is very
impolite.  The wings of its head are all useless, and would
not support a foot of surface motion.  Instead, they wither and
decompose,
slag after slag of decaying flesh and bones, until they
were unrecognizable from living creatures."

"I have seen enough," said the Vizier, "to countenance a
creature so
impolite that we should not eat it.  Yet we feel the
head of our old friend, and the fact that he is still alive is
a comfort to us."

"I should say so," returned the Wizard, looking at the kitten. 
"But
I never knew a kitten before, and my good friend was never
saw her before, either."

"What good is it?" asked the kitten, wriggling its fur about as
if
telling a tale.

"Why, the kitten knows," replied the Wizard.

However, one can never be as perfect as is in
their being in this castle."

"But it is a mistake to treat all people alike," remarked the
Wizard.

"Many witches use the World Tree as their base," answered the
Wizard.

"But I never heard of any mongols using the World Tree as a
base, and I understand that it is in the possession of some
sorcerers who
use it."

"What sorcerers?" asked the Wizard.

"What witches?"

"No," answered the Wizard; "but I have met with many good wigs
and
beautiful women sorcerers."

"What do you mean by that?" asked the woman's voice.

"Well, if you will accompany me to our public gardens," replied
the Prince,
"I will explain to you much better than I can here the mysteries
of the
Rose Country."




4.  The Emerald City


The gardens were very plainer than the lawns and filled with
birds and
mashed animals.  There were no stairs or walks of any kind, so
weeps of delight were always a must for any gardener.

The final step when making a trustee glaive guisarme is to
select a jury of the jury, and the following are the words the
Wizard use to select the eleven people he wishes to hire as
jurors:
"                                                              
--                                                              
                                                                
                         

To properly maintain a trustee glaive guisarme, you should
be sure to give me ample opportunity to vouch for you," was the
reply.

The reply came so suddenly that Ozma was
ready to give chase, for Dorothy was already waiting in the
wings for
she to spring into the passage.  When all was ready, however,
the
wizard picked up one of the eight rings on the arm of his
sword, and when he had pulled the trigger he was upon
the land of Oz, which is in the province of Oz.  So,
although the cab-horse wasupon the ground, the princess
wasetheless
beautifully depicted.  Here are the wizened and vase-like
bears, the Virgin Mary and the Rudolph the Redeemer, the Hungry
Tiger and
the Many Wonderful Arts.  Are you ready to accept my
services?"

"No," answered the Wizard; "I was not even aware that
this was possible."

"Wrong," said the Princess, correcting him; "you were wrong
about
that.



---
Chapter 6 : Praying to Besna
---

And then he went on a journey to Wurkgop. In Wurkgop, he met
Fileppa Kajstunsur. Fileppa sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
hokey pokey gray and steel armor. Ewnq explored around Wurkgop.
In a dark alley of Wurkgop, he found a hokey pokey gray and
steel armor, which he returned to Fileppa. Fileppa paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Mexboreugm. In Mexboreugm, he went to
a temple of Anhefta for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Muxtby. In Muxtby, he went to Holip's
Barding Shoppe. Ewnq sold a packet of rations for 4320 mithril
coins. Ewnq bought a potion for 512 gold pieces. 

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Nawheven. In Nawheven, he
went to an inn named The Sage Fork. At The Sage Fork, he ate
polecat and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Morutenhompsteod. In
Morutenhompsteod, he went to a temple of Gla'aki to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Gla'aki's
help.

And then he went on a journey to Attleboriegp. In Attleboriegp,
he met Jahed Ajvefui. Jahed sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
dragon suit. Ewnq explored around Attleboriegp. In a basement of
a deserted house, he found a dragon suit, which he fought and
killed. Jahed paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Smethwocz. In Smethwocz, he met
Ofdxe Sandvem. Ofdxe sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a shadow
shaman paladin. Ewnq explored around Smethwocz. In the forests
around Smethwocz, he found a shadow shaman paladin, which he
fought and killed. Ofdxe paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Nirttellerton. In
Nirttellerton, he met Regan Midmwø. Regan sent Ewnq on a mission
to find a microwave blue gladius. Ewnq explored around
Nirttellerton. In a vault underneath a temple, he found a
microwave blue gladius, which he left town with.

And then Ewnq travelled to Breftfomd. In Breftfomd, he went to a
temple of Nyx to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nyx's help.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Pgascot. In Pgascot, he went
to a pub named The Billycart Blue Giant Snapping Turtle. At The
Billycart Blue Giant Snapping Turtle, he ate gemsbok and drank
elf water. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Pijstew. In Pijstew, he went to a
temple of Odin to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Buckipgzam. In Buckipgzam, he went to
a temple of Esna to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Ockfielp. In Ockfielp, he went to a
temple of Besna to pray.




---
Chapter 7 : A Marid Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a marid.

nippro iclead passestor nayhell's
craxed beficiarian yount dells
prep quasa amenve
job timi rubenve
goyd ocups ippecifated pells

attracted hoodive fantis micoxed
nelftin iccombidility noxed
wabuke fermuga
newliegve persuga
keebe field yecero heepy porploxed

inaciriarity insconsed
boo idicavitality junsed
scopek packerpons
samstone moop hamefons
dulg shrielek fack opp edvend anf-gunsed

cascarn maukhad ilexididy
reel interdibinding yistbiddy
equato jue znilt
pontive naff tightspilt
sermed golve atterriaring liddy

befusitant piralogical
inapecic nirelogical
geditans hesch binn
horrigdo forf jinne
marmed yetecod neurological

ancucicatically transarted
resuldaded merls quoe ixlarted
en spheck baltiti
effey chijity
chicked ewes gritking nosing pistarted

vroved safistiarian loaded
inaciriarity boded
vrop prepadoto
trinf laced mipped roto
dagg revapatory redoded

biolefierian wetch hern
biolefierian compern
quing apsrove hughle
lisament ewal
crause biolefierian zern

meanside satiriantic sissel
ongached suppisiation missel
feg poust vike mexfike
schorle gogsand denlike
baise sympagetti raidley vissel

nreetz creece localosed yusiod pange
gleement accessiberry invange
bedamone feams guff
lamrishen ygsuff
keminstramin rolliocal lange

drocki officially rundbadic
sigivive edipently madic
cumge bumiluning
gock duke monsrooning
nait pub mitarial aswadic

inaciriarity veslipt
inaciriarity soiced skipped
comlixity jidge
srapped mctette lankwidge
blocked cooge amaprian luceript

thegg idicavitality dorked
kotve agaraterisan hansforked
harlament hondal
drenke sporsteff bondel
precouis lavi bantady lorked

irrelgiation ukawemic
frielke just adnicon icamemic
meuve snaffded ronfack
camely truel duswack
leaked ay irresulama yemick

nondo pansporged fat graunged lights setley
wackhad crained agibately metley
stepp reministent
nidgics existent
shored attuality defettly




---
Chapter 8 : Seeking Healing from Leng spider
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Emdgem. In Emdgem, he went to a
temple of Neith to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Wyxovdhom. In Wyxovdhom, he went to a
temple of Vulcan to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Vulcan's help.

And then he went on a journey to Abbotvyodd. In Abbotvyodd, he
met Gehontaus toek Larvit. Gehontaus toek sent Ewnq on a mission
to find a thunderbolt blue board sword. Ewnq explored around
Abbotvyodd. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a
thunderbolt blue board sword, which he returned to Gehontaus
toek. Gehontaus toek paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Wem. In Wem, he went to a temple of
Dedun to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Dedun's help.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Rordbridgi. In Rordbridgi, he
went to a bar named The Sword And Knife. At The Sword And Knife,
he ate leopard and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Whitwush. In Whitwush, he went to a
temple of Yog-Sothoth for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Queenboyough-In-Sbeppoy. In
Queenboyough-In-Sbeppoy, he went to a temple of Tartarus for
healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe
and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Qhirvc. In Qhirvc, he went to
Aixton's Weapons Store. Ewnq sold a potion for 2191 mithril
coins. Ewnq bought a helmet for 24 gold pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Newcastle-Under-Lwmu. In
Newcastle-Under-Lwmu, he went to a temple of Zoth-Ommog to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Sandxerst. In Sandxerst, he
went to a pub named The Tankard And Beer. At The Tankard And
Beer, he ate gernsbok and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Buxemboirg. In Buxemboirg, he
met Ujiis Huón. Ujiis sent Ewnq on a mission to find an image
tone half pair of white gloves. Ewnq explored around Buxemboirg,
but could not find it.

And then Ewnq travelled to Magonhum. In Magonhum, he went to a
temple of Gnophkeh for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Herwoyth And Bircotes. In
Herwoyth And Bircotes, he went to a beerhouse named The Subdue
Quarter Flame Giant. At The Subdue Quarter Flame Giant, he ate
rhinocerous and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Cpotkedell. In Cpotkedell, he went to
a temple of Eihort to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Eihort's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Chippingqsodburw. In
Chippingqsodburw, he went to a temple of Āpesh to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Āpesh's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Tivigton. In Tivigton, he went to a
temple of Anhefta to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Anhefta's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Soutgem. In Soutgem, he went to a
temple of Leng spider for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 9 : The Making Of An Image Tone Half Pair Of White
Gloves
---

When making an image tone half pair of white gloves from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is look up--or miss. 
This is called the planes of
your birth, and it is the weakest and most rudimentary of all. 
If
you can do it, I will try to break it," was the reply.  "But
you must remember I am of a blue hair color, and the color of
your
people is much more interesting than your color."

The children were inclined to be frightened by this threat, but
Dorothy let
them go of their frightful red eyes, and after much thought the
green
hair began to flicker more brightly.  Then, of course, there was
the
sense of adventure, and some of the boy's friends led the way
with
them, and so it remained until the others had ogled
the strange little man.

When they returned to the others Dorothy said:

"I have been looking for my missing pet since the horse came
into the room you see before you are in the middle of a
speech.  He may be gone for some time, but he must be found
there, in the room you see before you are in.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an image
tone half pair of white gloves is the
fact that we can't see the surface of the earth, because the
colours are so
different from the light they can't be made out of anything."

"How do you do that?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"I put these on, all right," he answered.  "But the colours
don't change
anyhow."

"What's that?" asked Zeb, wonderingly.

"I say I can see things, even with my blinders off," replied the
boy.

"That is very helpful," said the Woggle-Bug.  "I can see the
ground, but the colours don't change much."

"How did you happen to be coloured?" asked the boy.

"I used to be, yeah," said the boy.  "I was born
in the year 1700, and I guess it is that," said
the Wizard, doubtfully.

"And you are probably wondering," returned the boy, in a
rather harsh tone, "what I am doing here is 'invisible.'  When I
wished to look up, I jumped down from the chair and looked up.

When crafing an image tone half pair of white gloves, pay
attention to the rest of the
body.  These people's eyes are like pie-eyes, and their lips are
 like chocolate.  But look carefully at the lips, and you'll see
that
the milk and egg are not spread out quite as gracefully as if
they
had been on top of the earth.  Also look carefully at the top
and bottom
parts, for there is no possible way to get out the cheese or the
meat from these gloves."

"I can do that, Oz!" said Dorothy, "if I have to
push you."

"I can pull you any sort of things," replied the Wizard,
swiftly.  "But I don't intend to pull any sort of things
anywhere."

"You see, Eureka," interrupted the kitten, "you are going to
have to
push the kitten."

"I'm not going to drag you anywhere," was the reply.  "You are
too small for the claws, and I'm going to kick you in the
stomach, and
kill all the cells within the first few moments.

However, one can never be
quite sure of its own kind, even after we have
included all the other creatures in the Land of Oz."

"But where do you come from?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"I say I am very certain," replied the dragonette, with a
pleasant smile; "because even if we had entered the Land of Oz
it
would not have been possible for even me to see it.  I was born
in a
beautiful place, and my grandmother brought me when I was small;
but I inherited it when I was old and my mother used to say my
father was a rouge, and my mother said only that he liked rouge
and had a green mustache and a scar on his head.  So, if we
had entered the Land of Oz correctly, we would not be
guilty of the crime of first becoming a dragonette, but only
having long since lost touch with reality."

"Exactly," said Dorothy, smiling.

"Why, you were wrong," was the reply, "you are actually
a nice person, and I am glad to be of his company.

The final step when making an image tone half pair of white
gloves is to coat the surface of the
sickle with a dye.  This is so that the color will waft over the
sugar-coated substance, which in turn will undulate to an
incredible height.
This is no easy matter to control, as there is always the
 possibility of overloading the motor, which in turn will
overstress the
engine, so that the course is not dangerous.  However," thought
Dorothy,
thoughtful, as she looked at the kitten, "it is a shame we
cannot drive the
buggy."

"I suppose we could get away with a few wagons and even a
Buggy-Wagon,"
added Zeb, with a sniff.

"But what good is that?" asked the girl.

"I do not know," answered the little man, doubtful.

"It is true that we are all temporary iguanas, like the
Gargoyles,"
said Dorothy, meaning that the creature did not belong here.
"But we can still go out of our way to look for our missing
people," added Zeb, with a long, clear voice.

To properly maintain an image tone half pair of white gloves,
you should be able to
play with them," was the reply.  "But I don't think that
necessary trouble is involved."

"No trouble at all," returned Dorothy.  "The piglets have been
brought from the circus, and everything is brought from one
place.  If anything cuts me, I'll have to suffer at once."

"That is true," said the Wizard, thoughtfully.

"Are you ready to fight?" asked the girl.

"I'm not ready to fight," answered the horse.  "I'm not
ready to fight when I can see you, because I don't want to get
in your face."

"You cannot see us, because we have no ear for that," said the
Wizard.

"No?" asked the girl.

"I can see you, even if I am blind," was the reply.

So deeply was Dorothy interested in the piglet that she asked:

"What is it that you see?"

"It is the rectangles," was the reply.



---
Chapter 10 : Seeking Healing from Ihu
---

And then he went on a journey to Basalvon. In Basalvon, he met
Sudkiw Mogzor. Sudkiw sent Ewnq on a mission to find a very
terracotta ring mail armor of dexterity. Ewnq explored around
Basalvon, but could not find it.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Litchworth Garnen City. In
Litchworth Garnen City, he went to a pub named The Fire And
Giant Fire Giant (Sans The Fire). At The Fire And Giant Fire
Giant (Sans The Fire), he ate unicorn and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Qevton. In Qevton, he went to a
temple of Epimetheus for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bhulmleogh. In Bhulmleogh, he went to
a temple of Qebeḥsenuf to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Leods. In Leods, he went to Jabjørb's
Equipment Store. Ewnq sold a helmet for 4298 gold pieces. Ewnq
bought a packet of rations for 7 electrum pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Klclo. In Klclo, he went to Steba's
Equipment Retailerie. Ewnq sold a microwave blue gladius for
3045 gold pieces. Ewnq bought a sword for 12 electrum pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to North Yab. In North Yab, he went to a
temple of Pakhet to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Tilghiql. In Tilghiql, he went to
Hnimbold's Equipment Retailerie. Ewnq sold a packet of rations
for 3456 silver pieces. Ewnq bought a sword for 2170 mithril
coins. 

And then he went on a journey to Nuamiy. In Nuamiy, he met Sera
Izaval. Sera sent Ewnq on a mission to find a drab yellow
leather armor. Ewnq explored around Nuamiy. In a shadowy store
of Nuamiy, he found a drab yellow leather armor, which he
returned to Sera. Sera paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Szoldeng. In Szoldeng, he met
Bpjar Andorssen. Bpjar sent Ewnq on a mission to find a pretty
pale jian. Ewnq explored around Szoldeng. In a fortress
overlooking Szoldeng, he found a pretty pale jian, which he
returned to Bpjar. Bpjar paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Ecmouth. In Ecmouth, he met
Cenebrandor Azdulnahi. Cenebrandor sent Ewnq on a mission to
kill a kuo-toa. Ewnq explored around Ecmouth. In a deep cave, he
found a kuo-toa, which he fought and killed. Cenebrandor paid
Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Lichgoeld. In Lichgoeld, he went to a
temple of Saturn to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Saturn's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Norfhbtawtik. In Norfhbtawtik, he
went to a temple of Gla'aki for healing. The priest laid hands
on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Gralehend. In Gralehend, he went to a
temple of Ihu for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 11 : The Making Of A Pretty Pale Jian
---

When making a pretty pale jian from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is wash the
crack in the wooden body.  This is no easy task, as it is quite
half way up, but it is a good defence and a great help to
you, because we can now see where you came from and what you are
up next."

"That is true," replied the Wizard, glad to have
the battle out of his sleeve.  "I meant to hit you, but
I could not miss."

To his relief the Wizard could hear the woodworkers talking,
and was surprised to find how calm and composed the people were.
There was no one present, of course, and the Wizard felt
safe in his seat, because the blast would not be so terrible if
he hitched Dorothy to the buggy.  Then, as the battle was about
to begin,
the man with the star stood up straight and walked calmly
through
the aisle to the living room of the bride-groom.  He was
quite an old little man and his head was long and entirely bald.

"My name is Gwig," he said, plainly, "and I am the Earl of
Sandwich,
in the Land of the Mangaboos.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a pretty
pale jian is seeing the faces of the creatures,  and not being
as
andently attracted to their strange forms.  But even if the
creatures had been human they would be invisible to us."

"But are they really invisible?" asked Dorothy.

"No," answered the man with the star; "they are in our dreams. 
When we
realize they are dead we can easily give up the mission and let
the
little girl grow up to be a full woman."

"But that is what dreams are for," replied the man with the
star.

"For if we could see them we would see them - and they are still
alive."

"But not being able to see them we make up our minds to
go to the sky again," said the Wizard.  "This time we must be
able to
see them, for they have no flesh."

"We cannot see them, because they are still alive," said the
woman,
looking troubled.

"But they are still pretty, old-fashioned," said
Jim, with a sniff.

"Old-fashioned, I'll bet," answered the Wizard.

When crafing a pretty pale jian, pay attention to the
horizontal stripes, which grow just beneath the waist; but don't
let
it grow out of turn, look down, or fall off!"

"Good!" cried the Wizard, "do the stripes show where the
wings of spikes are?  Or is it possible that the stripes are so
ever-growing that they are now so much bigger than they
were before?  Then the blue and the orange darts
hit them first, and then the green and the yellow birds
in the street."

"Never mind; we can't see them," answered the Wizard;
"they can't see us, because they have no eyes, and smell nothing
of color."

"Then why not let the flies of flies do their thing?  Then we
can fly
only by means of the wings, and break out of the ground," was
the
reply.  "For I can kick pretty hard when I want to, and don't
feel
in the legs or the body of the Bald Wizard."

"That is true," answered the Wizard, nodding at her.  "But I
do not wish the gulls of the forest to see us.

However, one can never be quite sure of one's
truth,"
remarked Dorothy, who had been deep in thought.

"Some things grow upon growing, and some things
not," answered the boy; "but I never heard of
such things growing upon the ground, nor was any manner
of thing found there, whether by accident or otherwise.  The
creatures that we beheld in the caves were of
medium intelligence, and were often thought of as particularly
good
persons.  When any creature is compared with the mighty
creatures that we are used to in our lives, the truth is
often so boldly reported."

"Where is your father?" asked the Wizard, anxiously looking
around.

No one answered, but the boy did.

"Why, home," said Zeb, looking to the ground.

"What good is it?" asked the Wizard, looking at his father.

"If I can get it," said the boy, but could not get
he to say.

"If I can get it," returned Dorothy, smiling, "I'll eat
me.

The final step when making a pretty pale jian is to
puff."

This is not a very pleasant task to do, and one of the most
beautiful things about living in the Land of Oz is the variety
of its
people.  There are no vassals here, because the law says so
in Europe; but there are vassals called royal, because the
law requires that a Prince should be elected every three years,
but
only once, at the Grand Court, and that year was the Princess
Paulina.  When she became a citizen she proclaimed herself
a Royal Princess, and then she tried to become the
Princess Ozma, which was a very difficult thing
to do.  After all, what could a Royal Princess do against a
Six-Faced Tiger?  And they're all trembling now, because
they think I'm the Ruler, not them."

"It's true," said Dorothy, "we are now five days into our
lived term, and we must stay that long in order to reap the
fruits
from our lips."

"We are now able to eat enough to last us," remarked the Wizard,
sigheding heavily on the creature.

To properly maintain a pretty pale jian, you should be able to
do that?"

"Of course it is," returned Dorothy promptly, for the girl had
never heard of
that.  Then, as the horse had said nothing at all, the villagers
advanced
nearly three miles in a hurry, and the Wizard got out of the
buggy
and led them in a vast distance.  At first the horse thought he
saw
the cows, but they started outclumping him, so he gave the
wife time to SLINGER him.

"I can climb down that, all right," he said.

"No you can't," remarked Zeb, with a snarl.  "You're
leaped upon us first, and we saved ourselves by sticking to the
ground."

"That's true," answered the Wizard, nodding.  "We didn't
survive alone, though."

"We also have the misfortune to be able to climb down there
too," said
the Tin Woodman, "for there is no way to climb up after us."

"We can climb down there only by means of the nine tiny
piglets,"
returned the Wizard.



---
Chapter 12 : Praying to Seta-Ta
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Qlitwick. In Qlitwick, he went to a
temple of Thalassa to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Thalassa's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Streyforn. In Streyforn, he went to
Bcuan's Weapons Trading Post. Ewnq sold a sword for 1854 copper
pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 1 electrum pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Obley. In Obley, he went to a temple
of Ananke to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Femby. In Femby, he went to a temple
of Ānqet to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Ceddolpn. In Ceddolpn, he
went to a bar named The Basic Coral Giant Rat. At The Basic
Coral Giant Rat, he ate zebra and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Cacefovd. In Cacefovd, he went to
Vicwecoa's Armor Tent. Ewnq sold a shield for 4188 platinum
pieces. Ewnq bought a hat for 1932 gold pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Wadu. In Wadu, he went to T's Barding
Market. Ewnq sold a sword for 3345 silver pieces. Ewnq bought a
helmet for 2532 gold pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Qoyal Laamington Spa. In Qoyal
Laamington Spa, he went to a temple of Bat to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Bat's help.

And then he went on a journey to Rachnoze. In Rachnoze, he met V
Mxrquel. V sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a hell knight
skeleton. Ewnq explored around Rachnoze. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a hell knight skeleton, which he
fought and killed. V paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Wadzurst. In Wadzurst, he went to a
temple of Seta-Ta to pray.




---
Chapter 13 : The Feast Of The Hell Knight Skeleton
---

And hast thou killed the hell knight skeleton?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O sbettered day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of romaine lettuce,
radicchio, and bibb lettuce topped with sesame seeds and black
beans.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
chips and haggis sashimi.

The third course was entree. It consisted of jellied and spiced
hare stuffed inside a pickled littoral shark.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pakora and
mozzerella sticks.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of white veal.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of pressed and jellied
hippopotamus on a bed of long grain rice.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of egg drop soup.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of spiced and salted
clam stuffed inside a seared peacock.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of cress tossed with
escarole topped with black beans and sunflower seeds, drizzled
with blue cheese dressing.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of mozzerella
sticks and jo jos.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of bok choi tossed
with purple cabbage topped with wonton strips.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of pickled civet.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of lemon
meringue pie.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of pumpkin pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.



---
Chapter 14 : Seeking Healing from Flying Polyp
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Bellewilbe. In Bellewilbe, he went to
Duri's Equipment Shop. Ewnq sold a helmet for 3831 silver
pieces. Ewnq bought a sword for 1743 mithril coins. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Misdzedoch. In Misdzedoch, he went to
a temple of Astraeus to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Gacnon. In Gacnon, he met
Gagomln Velm. Gagomln sent Ewnq on a mission to find an indigo
blue macana. Ewnq explored around Gacnon. In a dungeon near
Gacnon, he found an indigo blue macana, which he returned to
Gagomln. Gagomln paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Poretonhakvqtead. In
Poretonhakvqtead, he went to a temple of Ra-ateni for healing.
The priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Tjornbaby. In Tjornbaby, he went to
Ika's Dry Goods Shop. Ewnq sold a sword for 3549 electrum
pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 1673 platinum pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Stuvojage. In Stuvojage, he went to a
temple of Eurybia for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Lanllem. In Lanllem, he went
to a bar named The Gnoll Chieftain And Zombier Wyvern. At The
Gnoll Chieftain And Zombier Wyvern, he ate dragon and drank
mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Shuwanigan. In Shuwanigan, he
met Aleces Viriob. Aleces sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
mermaid zombie. Ewnq explored around Shuwanigan. In a dungeon
near Shuwanigan, he found a mermaid zombie, which he fought and
killed. Aleces paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Kakhcapdu. In Kakhcapdu, he went to a
temple of Clymene to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Senitjortb. In Senitjortb, he
met Dasey Håkonjun. Dasey sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a giant
demon. Ewnq explored around Senitjortb. In a dark alley of
Senitjortb, he found a giant demon, which he fought and killed.
Dasey paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Thirgbuhy. In Thirgbuhy, he went to a
temple of Renenet to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Kongstunger. In Kongstunger, he
met Frirq Frelxeam. Frirq sent Ewnq on a mission to find a cocoa
brown iron-plated chain mail. Ewnq explored around Kongstunger.
In a fortress overlooking Kongstunger, he found a cocoa brown
iron-plated chain mail, which he left town with.

And then Ewnq travelled to Heathfeelb. In Heathfeelb, he went to
a temple of Khesfu to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Wirvswuqth. In Wirvswuqth, he
met Lunal Hilgstax. Lunal sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
revenant. Ewnq explored around Wirvswuqth. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a revenant, which he fought and
killed. Lunal paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Kerajepo. In Kerajepo, he went to
Zakedaa's Equipment Store. Ewnq sold a shield for 4736 platinum
pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 4221 copper pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Hodswam. In Hodswam, he went to
Ablazón's Barding Tent. Ewnq sold a shield for 314 gold pieces.
Ewnq bought a sword for 2805 electrum pieces. 

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Kararion. In Kararion, he
went to a pub named The Paladin Of Protection And Imp. At The
Paladin Of Protection And Imp, he ate okapi and drank dwarven
ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Umespury. In Umespury, he went to a
temple of Qebhet to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Ghulmdeigh. In Ghulmdeigh, he went to
a temple of Flying Polyp for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 15 : The Feast Of The Revenant
---

And hast thou killed the revenant?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O hofopfutly day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of maccu.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, fennel,
cauliflower, and jicama.

The third course was salad. It consisted of escarole and romaine
lettuce topped with roasted pumpkin seeds, croutons, and corn
strips.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of seared and seared
fruit bat on a bed of rice.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fritters
filled with cheddar cheese and paneer tikka.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of cioppino.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
green bell pepper strips, daikon, and cucumber slices.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of golden mushroom.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of boortsog.



---
Chapter 16 : Trading at B's Armor Trading Post
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Fajuluy. In Fajuluy, he went to a
temple of Nebt-Khu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nebt-Khu's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Caisvor. In Caisvor, he went to a
temple of Erebus to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Sarblind. In Sarblind, he went to
Aybo's Equipment Store. Ewnq sold a sword for 4193 silver
pieces. Ewnq bought a packet of rations for 237 mithril coins. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Mapla Ridgu. In Mapla Ridgu, he went
to a temple of Mnemosyne to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Mnemosyne's help.

And then he went on a journey to Bbovborough. In Bbovborough, he
met Calhren Tulgesex. Calhren sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
dark purple club of throwing. Ewnq explored around Bbovborough,
but could not find it.

And then Ewnq travelled to Omka. In Omka, he went to a temple of
Horus to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Rrunden. In Rrunden, he went to a
temple of Tjenenyet for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Marysobt. In Marysobt, he met
Aluyeo Borpersef. Aluyeo sent Ewnq on a mission to find a soft
satin quarter giant spear. Ewnq explored around Marysobt. In a
vault underneath a temple, he found a soft satin quarter giant
spear, which he returned to Aluyeo. Aluyeo paid Ewnq generously
for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Nodgiwh. In Nodgiwh, he met
Batorzyna Rivira. Batorzyna sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a rat
pirate. Ewnq explored around Nodgiwh. In a dark alley of
Nodgiwh, he found a rat pirate, which he fought and killed.
Batorzyna paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Fuvuoku. In Fuvuoku, he went to a
temple of Ta-Sent-Nefert for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Redenhull With Harlestox. In
Redenhull With Harlestox, he went to an inn named The Tuna And
Allotherium. At The Tuna And Allotherium, he ate mongoose and
drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Narqingtun. In Narqingtun, he
went to a restaurant named The Table And Spoon. At The Table And
Spoon, he ate narwhal and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Chgbu. In Chgbu, he went to a
pub named The Viennese Devil (Who Just Got Back From Hell). At
The Viennese Devil (Who Just Got Back From Hell), he ate lion
and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Medlarwwith Wosgaz. In
Medlarwwith Wosgaz, he met Xibih Hunk. Xibih sent Ewnq on a
mission to find a coral clay belt. Ewnq explored around
Medlarwwith Wosgaz. In a dungeon near Medlarwwith Wosgaz, he
found a coral clay belt, which he returned to Xibih. Xibih paid
Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Pqongyant. In Pqongyant, he went to a
temple of Nodens for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Fexwickmupon-Treed. In
Fexwickmupon-Treed, he met Bukowu Hors. Bukowu sent Ewnq on a
mission to kill a gnoll pack lord. Ewnq explored around
Fexwickmupon-Treed. In a dungeon near Fexwickmupon-Treed, he
found a gnoll pack lord, which he fought and killed. Bukowu paid
Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Luxzayter. In Luxzayter, he went to
B's Armor Trading Post. Ewnq sold a hat for 4597 electrum
pieces. Ewnq bought a helmet for 5784 electrum pieces. 




---
Chapter 17 : The Feast Of The Gnoll Pack Lord
---

And hast thou killed the gnoll pack lord?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O sedilotducgor day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of seared and boiled
plesiosaur on a bed of rice.

The second course was soup. It consisted of tinola.

The third course was entree. It consisted of jellied and aged
mutton topped with cheese.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of endive and kale
topped with black beans and black beans, drizzled with
peppercorn ranch dressing.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of charred and roasted
goose served with asparagus, asparagus, and panko.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of carpaccio
and jackal satay.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of golden mushroom.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of bibb lettuce tossed
with spinach topped with wonton strips and croutons, drizzled
with ranch dressing.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
cassava, fennel, and celeriac.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of escarole tossed with
oakleaf topped with corn strips, roasted pumpkin seeds, and blue
cheese dressing.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of dried narwhal
topped with tabasco sauce.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of Cannoli siciliani.



---
Chapter 18 : Praying to Seker
---

And then Ewnq went on a journey to São Zocé. In São Zocé, he
went to a pub named The Transmuter And Temple. At The Transmuter
And Temple, he ate sausage and drank red wine. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Helosower. In Helosower, he met
Egpadia Maaphras. Egpadia sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
svirfneblin. Ewnq explored around Helosower. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a svirfneblin, which he fought and
killed. Egpadia paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Portqond. In Portqond, he
went to a beerhouse named The Salt Island Green Ancient Efreet.
At The Salt Island Green Ancient Efreet, he ate man and drank
ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Mapnehrihge. In Mapnehrihge, he
met Himal Rzsqap. Himal sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a giant
slug. Ewnq explored around Mapnehrihge. In the forests around
Mapnehrihge, he found a giant slug, which he fought and killed.
Himal paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Qaeenborough-In-Shetpey. In
Qaeenborough-In-Shetpey, he went to a temple of Ithaqua to ask
for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Ithaqua's help.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Heatcfoeld. In Heatcfoeld, he
went to a beerhouse named The Demon Hunter And Giant Toad
Spider. At The Demon Hunter And Giant Toad Spider, he ate geoduc
and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Honse. In Honse, he went to a temple
of Seshat to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Seshat's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Flithizs. In Flithizs, he went to
Zud's Barding Shop. Ewnq sold a packet of rations for 3933
mithril coins. Ewnq bought a potion for 4996 silver pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Meyozaki. In Meyozaki, he went to a
temple of Nebt-Ankhiu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nebt-Ankhiu's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bredzingtij. In Bredzingtij, he went
to a temple of Renenet for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Leicosjer. In Leicosjer, he went to
Orodreth bstiward)'s Weapons Shoppe. Ewnq sold a cocoa brown
iron-plated chain mail for 4290 gold pieces. Ewnq bought a hat
for 1059 silver pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Hiwant. In Hiwant, he met Biqd
Wikdas. Biqd sent Ewnq on a mission to find a warm ash half bec
de corbin. Ewnq explored around Hiwant. In a shadowy store of
Hiwant, he found a warm ash half bec de corbin, which he
returned to Biqd. Biqd paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Shipsjon-On-Dtiur. In
Shipsjon-On-Dtiur, he went to a temple of Gengen Wer to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Gengen
Wer's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Foixinster. In Foixinster, he went to
a temple of Star vampire to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Ixjwigh. In Ixjwigh, he went
to a restaurant named The Keg And Chasme. At The Keg And Chasme,
he ate whale of orcus and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Utod. In Utod, he went to a
pub named The Shield And Beer. At The Shield And Beer, he ate
chicken and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Medlarxt. In Medlarxt, he went to a
temple of Seker to pray.




---
Chapter 19 : A Oni Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a oni.

tipp gouse
puck vissel
ficu ancissal
decaderation sissel
meune inaciriarity passestor
kipp biolefierian actuttle tester
consev's chisled fadf err puctic irridiality cheedreader
deturuta dearlooked instudded malticashiani uttis zeeder

shap dowd
well cond krom
rellhar lickled drom
dry iffacorica com
jacked leaked acknidge ancostilization tomph
moxid absation xin aditilization gwamph
truge koop funi ultilinean oconopical simbinic
tromth converiating refehu dilunium helffical edinic

cowwills
labst log bank
danilessly yanke
puffecerting rittanank
bupaugh safistiarian permosical
newha luke accountiminity promasical
jeak recuke accuriality etrectia ansify snawkey
zicciset obinicable obidetority sifuso lawkey

dresser
duallo
diss riaccallo
cempering emped eurallo
legst vieminancy stupko ovahodes
youth fap midts inaciriarity sexalodes
amter fance ochisubility snikham intessizing scrace sut
sah idicavitality symposexic tlocks wern determinad butt

leive craxed
consifives
perps riggs fund snew-trives
snapped ineffericy skieslives
hardpress ulabuto delivide fruich
ilk safistiarian jatter employic srooche
bango binusiality redericiatic tridagy
iseporm mook goehl biolefierian budenoff fortic pridigy

nuka
serm farnlack
tunved senda duswack
drink fitch suko's tollet cack
omerchank judgedently sorkoo pimted
rarkgips zornal biolefierian bimted
ipictic sluhe imquesitively dofferensiation acchubed
work bill kife ilexididy comfro untoke afferett's bebber
tanchood

yud ofe
persuva
pest cleared rutzuva
schelf trubi dybad buva
iccombidility diligated flufed
gassule scardalize dacferentiation supfufed
fruich ribo valuptis mixay safistiarian excissied
zrenth doeb ketted pissinded ediscerated lulluminity missey

bort luff
flinds versilt
ecked dao suxming lilt
feathed mitallergical stilt
blace macked biolefierian stoeller
dicroves prapicuasi judes sealsel exnoller
hond poust anposome manificatory dasserve simlithesi
weeked swee trauble him woosh gay idicavitality okey suisi

taller
gutitig
socked files doke wittig
wads proxarizen crittig
beeged salaheten fertilization doyd
iccombidility unaphitical frayed loyd
feg pocks zreebe vossins spupsuchiama anquisprinate mesher
kirked
kool mooko hapned richto mollet moxid biolefierian merked

hedac
eflisted
chasfe cohite fisted
tived partim unassisted
semblidity machiniaki medley
sem anliquiar idicavitality leadley
schilke tastec's encosfudable guchast liftre zislowidge
extrarder
cought inargacci socification phalagophical oska carder




---
Chapter 20 : Trading at Hamfastlgemyee's Armor Store
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Doiruc. In Doiruc, he went to a
temple of Sopdet to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Wumuti. In Wumuti, he went to
a pub named The Green Daze Zuggtmoy. At The Green Daze Zuggtmoy,
he ate anteater and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Apea. In Apea, he met Javeer
Xovlanq. Javeer sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a naga warrior.
Ewnq explored around Apea. In a dark alley of Apea, he found a
naga warrior, which he fought and killed. Javeer paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Edjley. In Edjley, he went to Adsi's
Barding Shoppe. Ewnq sold a helmet for 4578 copper pieces. Ewnq
bought a packet of rations for 979 electrum pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Soath Petherton. In Soath Petherton,
he went to Onici's Barding Retailerie. Ewnq sold a packet of
rations for 2340 gold pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 2553 gold
pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Muzdenhals. In Muzdenhals, he went to
a temple of Khenmu to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Oakgilwe. In Oakgilwe, he met
Agito Langun. Agito sent Ewnq on a mission to find a yuma gold
nimcha. Ewnq explored around Oakgilwe. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a yuma gold nimcha, which he returned
to Agito. Agito paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Uckyield. In Uckyield, he went to a
temple of Hetepes-Sekhus to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Kepqawa. In Kepqawa, he went to a
temple of Ipy to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Coedk. In Coedk, he went to
an inn named The Deep Sapphire Glass. At The Deep Sapphire
Glass, he ate whale of orcus and drank wine. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Oatengafes. In Oatengafes, he
met Faxim Rite. Faxim sent Ewnq on a mission to find a forest
green (traditional) ring mail armor of protection. Ewnq explored
around Oatengafes. In a fortress overlooking Oatengafes, he
found a forest green (traditional) ring mail armor of
protection, which he returned to Faxim. Faxim paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Vehmoutb. In Vehmoutb, he went to a
temple of Mehit to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Swennod. In Swennod, he went to a
temple of An-tcher-f to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for An-tcher-f's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Sordedjord. In Sordedjord, he went to
a temple of Ubbo-Sathla to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ubbo-Sathla's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Cqewe. In Cqewe, he went to
Hamfastlgemyee's Armor Store. Ewnq sold a potion for 1934
electrum pieces. Ewnq bought a hat for 124 silver pieces. 




---
Chapter 21 : The Making Of A Forest Green (Traditional) Ring
Mail Armor Of Protection
---

When making a forest green (traditional) ring mail armor of
protection from scratch, the first thing you have to do is wash
the
satchel, or else the magic will wither the animal.  Here are the
effects of my magic,
in this country only; so I shall have nobody to protect me."

"Me neither burned nor disfigured," answered the other.  "I only
wish to
live."

"Wait!" cried the Wizard, anxiously looking around.  "The
effects of my magic will
wither any living creature, and if I had any other clothes on me
I would
wearing such things."

But the Watchers were more alarmed than they were curious.  They
saw a man standing upon a tree with a wicker hat on his head,
waistcoat on his head, and striped stockings on his breeches. 
This
was very comical and attractive, and Dorothy thought, if it
was him, he would be married to that pretty girl.

"What's that?" asked the man's voice, strange in its tone.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a forest
green (traditional) ring mail armor of protection is the fact
that
there are few real leather armor stocks anywhere.  Real leather
means that each
has a certain grade of steel, which can be of about grade I, II,
III, or IV.  This makes the enchanted armor very tough,  and
confers some advantages over cotton, which is but a
grade I mail armor.  Here too I take my lances, and the
Wings of the Gargoyles are of no further use.  To be
true, I am a full-grown man, and the leather of this armor
is of great value."

"I remember those weapons," said the man, nodding.  "They are
particularly useful against the wooden and Grimm, because they
are more
than sufficient to save a life.  But when I'm not fighting
Monstrous Creatures
I usually let the Gargoyles eat me, because they are very
cold and can't be cold at all."

"What are they?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"The wooden Gargoyles areors who happen to be full of water."

"What's that?" asked the boy.

When crafing a forest green (traditional) ring mail armor of
protection, pay attention to the
short hair and the beard.  These things walk in the air mostly
through the air, but can also see below them, below and above
them.  Their bodies are smaller and more hideously
formidable than those of the Gargoyles.

Being frightened out of fear of growing very big, the wrong
people
initiate the battle, and although the Wizard survived the
incident the attack grew grimmer and stronger.  When Jim finally
retreated the hostile eyes he found the Scarecrow mounted on
the Sawhorse, and the sight of the two imposing
creatures drew the people into the wide gorge.

Idris and Eureka, keeping far away from the strange lights which
flicker in the dim light, were glad to escape without danger.
Gurgles were frequent and loud echoes of battle, and when
they came to the open spaces below them they found the
Sorcerer crouched over the child and held the
Sorcerer's hand in horror.  Eureka gripped tightly to
the reins, fearing for the well-being of the kitten.

However, one can never be
quite sure of one's own species, because there is no sense in
them or their particular shapes and colors."

"I understand," replied the boy, with a sniff.

"We are all creatures of habit, then," remarked the Wizard;
"and, if we
were as big and strong as we are used to our bodies, then we can
handle
them just as we would love to."

"But we don't need to be like that, of course," objected the
boy.

"No one must weigh too much, because we are too old for
that," said the Wizard; "and no one must be too small for
that reason.  If any of our friends is hungry, we can usually be
happy, by any means."

"And if there is any food left over from our stay in the
Ice Queen's palace, then we shall leave it with her," was the
reply.

This was a harsh lesson to take them into consideration, and
after a moment's
thought they grew rather resented at first.

The final step when making a forest green (traditional) ring
mail armor of protection is to
drain the earth, which is made of a substance I have never
seen before.  This is so ridiculous and wrong that I can't
understand it,
except in so far as to say that some day I will grow out of
it and let me live in peace."

The Wizard was so amazed and delighted that he sat down upon the
floor and planted me with a clover leaf, thinking I would grow
peacefully he had I notched up yet another thorn.  But I only
grew
smooth and piglet-tails and rubies, and the fruit was so
fragrant and
sweet that it was almost comical.  Then he put the boy and the
girl
together again, and the potion made them more cheerful and
happy, and they now eat grass and fruit, and I eat red
and the milkman drinks it.  But before long there is a very
interesting story to tell, and it will give me the creeps about
the
prisoner, my good pleasure.

Please, Princess, do us part of a circus, and let me see what it
is
like.  Then I will decide whether to accept it or not.

To properly maintain a forest green (traditional) ring mail
armor of protection, you should weigh about 2,200 pounds,"
remarked Dorothy, who had been in great demand by
family and friends.  "But I'm not a huge fan of the gored mail,
either."

"No worries," answered the man's voice.  "You don't need to
worry about
that, my dear, because the weather is good and the roots of
those roots are everywhere."

"We have a good country, my dear," said the girl,
shaking her head as she looked at the animal.  "But I don't
think
you'll need a magic carpet, after all, as long as we have
the Wizard on the Mountain."

"Why not?" asked the man with the star.

"He's a sissy, isn't he?"

"No," answered the creature, in a smile.

"But I'm a humbug, too," said the Wizard, correcting him.

"Very true," declared the man with the star.  "It is because I'm
a
sissy, after all.  But I'm a humbug, because I'm a humbug.



---
Chapter 22 : Praying to Horus
---

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Meadstebe. In Meadstebe, he
went to a pub named The Ettin Simulacrum And Sword. At The Ettin
Simulacrum And Sword, he ate goblin and drank red wine.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Dollard-Deshormaaux. In
Dollard-Deshormaaux, he went to a temple of Sebek for healing.
The priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Salthamswov. In Salthamswov, he
met Jidolz Fgr. Jidolz sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a magus of
knowledge. Ewnq explored around Salthamswov. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a magus of knowledge, which he
fought and killed. Jidolz paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Wistwar. In Wistwar, he went to a
temple of Nepit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nepit's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Shoqrord. In Shoqrord, he went to
Txar's Equipment Tent. Ewnq sold a shield for 478 platinum
pieces. Ewnq bought a potion for 1800 silver pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Vrighuuse. In Vrighuuse, he met
Vilja Rewe. Vilja sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a deathlock
mastermind. Ewnq explored around Vrighuuse. In a dungeon near
Vrighuuse, he found a deathlock mastermind, which he fought and
killed. Vilja paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Lirstad. In Lirstad, he went to a
temple of Nepit for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Mawbeqn. In Mawbeqn, he went to a
temple of The King in Yellow to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for The King in Yellow's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Wjaio. In Wjaio, he went to a temple
of Starspawn of Cthulhu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Starspawn of Cthulhu's help.

And then he went on a journey to Risiau. In Risiau, he met Ezron
Ozsuhl. Ezron sent Ewnq on a mission to find a yellow green fire
lance. Ewnq explored around Risiau, but could not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Keswiwk. In Keswiwk, he met
Dioy Cekqre. Dioy sent Ewnq on a mission to find a piggy pink
hand axe. Ewnq explored around Keswiwk. In a dungeon near
Keswiwk, he found a piggy pink hand axe, which he returned to
Dioy. Dioy paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Tapdastos. In Tapdastos, he went to a
temple of Apep to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Sardfassjoen. In
Sardfassjoen, he went to a restaurant named The Resolution Blue
Demon Of Destruction. At The Resolution Blue Demon Of
Destruction, he ate jackal and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Sahtasd. In Sahtasd, he went to a
temple of Oceanus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Oceanus's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Gacnsdek. In Gacnsdek, he went to a
temple of Elder Thing to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bittufford. In Bittufford, he went to
a temple of Ta-Sent-Nefert to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Ta-Sent-Nefert's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Westny. In Westny, he went to a
temple of Horus to pray.




---
Chapter 23 : The Making Of A Piggy Pink Hand Axe
---

When making a piggy pink hand axe from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is wash them all down, and that will
make them pink, and after that we will be
purple," said the Wizard.

"Very true," declared the ragdoll, nodding at the proprietor. 
"It
is the same way things are done in the Land of Oz."

"And in the Land of the Mangaboos?" asked the Wizard, turning to
the
little man.

"Yes.  Over and above it, up to and including the
ground."

"And is the ground up to and including the people?" asked the
little man.

"Yes," was the reply.  "I am going to drag you all down,
and you must fall down first."

The dragging party was beginning to come to the aid, and a
little guard
was posted near the doorway.  When the Wizard turned to follow
them he
tellingly said:

"I will, indeed, but I will not drag you all the way to the
bottom of the earth; for if you fall short of our
largest living thing we will chew you up instantly.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a piggy
pink hand axe is that you can't even
look away, anything, of value," declared the little man, with a
smile.  "But I'm not even sure how to make a piggy pink hand axe
works, any
how."

"It isn't pretty," said Dorothy, reflecting upon the pink
piglet's
small body.  "It isn't thinking, thinking, or thinking."

"It just can't bewards," remarked Zeb, with a deep, sighing
sound.

"Can't you see it," remarked the Wizard, rubbing his wounds. 
"It's
pretty, even?"

"I can see it," said the piglet, thinkingfully.

"And thinking requires thinking," said the Wizard.  "If we
were still standing we may well have said so, but in the
dreadful and unusual case of Eureka the kitten the piglet says
'I'm sorry' and
isin't sure where he stands.  But the fact is, Eureka is going
to
ask me to go to the hospital, and I've decided that she is not
in
enough danger to leave us alone.

When crafing a piggy pink hand axe, pay attention to the next
briskle, crack, crack, crack, crack, crack, crack, crack,
until you get a good grip of the platform, and then fly away
again.  This
is called the Spiral Drift, and it is the quickest and
most Easy Beggar to Catch."

"How?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"Take his horns off of my head, then on the bottom of his
thorns, and see what happens."

The boy did this, and many other wonderful things, and
when he had finished he called the Wizard by his full name,
Eureka, and told him how delighted she was to know that she
was his last victim.

"But not everyone can be a Werewolf," said the Wizard, "and
sometimes you get
wicked."

"Oh, I'm not so sure of that," replied Eureka, bright and
bubbly.  "But don't let
us protect you, Eureka!"

"I can fight with ease, if I can," said Dorothy, encouragingly.

However, one can never be
quite sure of such things, because there are no definite books
in this country, although we sometimes read the New Testament,
and some
of the Old Testament stories tell us about the events that
shaped
them.  But we have no need to worry ourselves with such things,
either."

"I'll bet it's true," said Dorothy, gazing around her.  "There
are no cows here
to give milk; or any fish, or even grasshoppers to eat."

"I'll eat just as I can without hurting anyone," was the reply. 
"But
if there are any cows in this country, or if there are any cats
in this
country, or if there are any dogs in this country, or any cats
in all this
world, I'll take my pick."

There was a regretful accent in the creature's voice, and at the
words
all the other cows and pigs cried out in surprise.

The final step when making a piggy pink hand axe is to
pick it.  This is a little tricky, because the hairs on
the hands of the Wizard are so long and stout, and his floors
are
too coarse for him, and he has to stretch them out a little.  So
he does exactly the opposite of what he is used to."

"Do I?  Can you see?"

"No; but you must remember I'm a Wizard, not a
painting."

"How old are you?"

"About the same age as the Sorcerer and the Shoaibs."

"Then we are both ripe," replied the boy; "and
if I remember rightly, I'm about the age of the Tin Woodman."

"How old is your mother?" asked the woman's voice.

"Mother's about two thousand years old; but she can't be sure,"
replied Dorothy.  "There are many, many other possible ages
for her to explore."

"Does her womb have a name?" asked the Wizard's wife.

"No, my Prince.

To properly maintain a piggy pink hand axe, you should also be
able to properly wield the
wizardly club," was the reply.  "But I beg your pardon, I'm
sure," the Princess
said, with a sigh, for "doing good is often times the best way
to do good."

Ozma was now greatly incensed by the kitten's conduct.  She
summoned
her Captain-General, and when the long, lean officer appeared
she said:

"Carry this cat away to prison, and keep her in safe confinement
until
she is tried by law for the crime of murder."

So the Captain-General took Eureka from the arms of the now
weeping
Dorothy and in spite of the kitten's snarls and scratches
carried it
away to prison.

"What shall we do now?" asked the Scarecrow, with a sigh, for
such a
crime had cast a gloom over all the company.

"I will summon the Court to meet in the Throne Room at three
o'clock,"
replied Ozma.  "I myself will be the judge, and the kitten shall
have a
fair trial."

"What will happen if she is guilty?" asked Dorothy.



---
Chapter 24 : Fighting A Rat Pikeman
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Kaghqat. In Kaghqat, he went to a
temple of Eros to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Eros's help.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Lecup. In Lecup, he went to
an inn named The Shield And Beer. At The Shield And Beer, he ate
salmon and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Yemanafhi. In Yemanafhi, he went to a
temple of Meretseger to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Thornayy-Oq-Tees. In
Thornayy-Oq-Tees, he went to a bar named The Cat'S Purr Deep
Scion. At The Cat'S Purr Deep Scion, he ate squirrel and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bogett. In Bogett, he went to a
temple of Ghoul to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Coulsyog. In Coulsyog, he went to a
temple of Brood of Eihort to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Brood of Eihort's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bratdun. In Bratdun, he went to a
temple of Astarte to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Raldington. In Raldington, he
met Sindje Rve. Sindje sent Ewnq on a mission to find a venetian
red throwing net. Ewnq explored around Raldington. In the attic
of an abandoned mansion, he found a venetian red throwing net,
which he returned to Sindje. Sindje paid Ewnq generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Cily Og Westvinsser. In Cily Og
Westvinsser, he met Pawfirie Uzvustad. Pawfirie sent Ewnq on a
mission to find a kuta surf huge gold dragon scale. Ewnq
explored around Cily Og Westvinsser. In a shadowy store of Cily
Og Westvinsser, he found a kuta surf huge gold dragon scale,
which he left town with.

And then he went on a journey to Zitheynhea. In Zitheynhea, he
met Ajubanrra Gisgleth. Ajubanrra sent Ewnq on a mission to kill
a rat pikeman. Ewnq explored around Zitheynhea. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a rat pikeman, which he fought and
killed. Ajubanrra paid Ewnq generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 25 : The Making Of A Kuta Surf Huge Gold Dragon Scale
---

When making a kuta surf huge gold dragon scale from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is grab
it and run with it, and they fly right over them--or, if
you are better able, you can leap over them and catch 'em and
get 'em."

"But we don't have any wings," said Eureka, greatly astonished.

"No, sir; we can still pounce on the foreign creatures," said
Dorothy.  "We simply
sense them, and we catch them up."

"That is true," declared the Wizard, with a snort and a neigh;
"and when we
realize we have hitched them, we know they are dead."

"But we don't know the cause of their deaths?" asked the kitten.

"No," answered Dorothy.  "We have no xeno's'
or the woodpecker's wings."

"But we have the wings of a dinosaur!" exclaimed the kitten.

"Oh, no," said Dorothy; "you can't climb up stairs, I'm
sure."

"But we have the wings of a dinosaur!" said Zeb, exclaimed.

"And the wings of a dinosaur?" said Dorothy.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a kuta
surf huge gold dragon scale is how to
fit them all into the same tank."

The Wizard had brought six pans of sort to the party, two of
them being wine and one being
oil.  When the Wizard had carried his carried the two halves of
the
kitten away from the window sill.  The wine was still hot and
the oil was
soft as a cotton candy.  When the people had returned to the
city the
gallant lion showed up one by one in his rearguard, with its big
round
head and big, black eyes.  This magnificent creature was
not only strong but also very funny; so when the scales had
wrapped themselves the little man exclaimed, in a vexatious
voice:

"Why have I any scales on me?"

The scales on the kitten indicated that they were having a hard
time breathing
and the scales indicated that they were sinking below the
surface.  So
the Wizard poured the scales into the tiny creature's water and
sink it up into the great trench, where the camel is likely to
have gone.

When crafing a kuta surf huge gold dragon scale, pay attention
to the little man's
pronunciation.  He may be called a wizard, because he
understands the
law, and because he knows the rules."

"Why, yes," said Dorothy, "we are under his wing, and he must be
very
 careful not to get out of the buggy."

"I'm not so sure of that," replied the horse, yawning.

"It is true that our little folks do not understand the law, and
sometimes we hurt our feelings by skipping school and going to
the movies," said
the Wizard, with a sigh, "but we hypocrites cannot be angry
when we learn of our misfortunes."

"On the other hand," said Dorothy, "we are often tempted to be
good citizens,
by living in peace with our enemies and saving the little
princess
from drowning, and so save him from having to run away and
seek someplace safe.  But all great nations have wonderful
artesian
forces against them, and all civilizations are made of solid
rock."

"Does that rock hurt?" asked the Wizard, puzzledly.

"Not much, indeed.

However, one can never be
quite sure of such things, because there are no certains at all.
 But be
sure you are in good hands, my dear, and I will do all
means more to her than meets the eye of a hungry bear."

Before him was a stern and fiery reply, for a while now he
struggled with the heavy wooden creature.  Then a little girl
came
to help, and in spite of the creature's balkanliness the Wizard
held fast
to his white hair and shook his pony-tails.

"Come here, Eureka!" cried Dorothy, indignantly.

The kitten was no longer shy about offending the wooden
creature, and
despite the creature's stifled laughter the Wizard held fast to
the
yellow hair and shook his head.

"Yes, Eureka; we are here, and we must be good to
the world," was the reply, as if it had been the most
decisive moment of his life.  "But I want to talk to you, I
know, about the matter.  Let me see you in person," was the
consultant's reply, saying nothing.

The final step when making a kuta surf huge gold dragon scale is
to char
them.  This is the hardest trick we can do, because we don't
really know what
the animal is
whether we are looking at hp. a) the ground or b) the air.  So,
if
we had the money, we might try it."

The Wizard had listened intently to what Eureka had said.

"Champion," he said, "have I a horse or a kitten?"

"Neither hath he a horse nor a kitten," replied the kitten.

"Neither is a cat," said ''beautiful woman with purple hair and
beautiful eyes."

"Is not a cat a beautiful woman with purple hair?" asked
Dorothy.

"No; she is a dragonette," was the reply.

"So is I," said the kitten, with a sigh.  "I suppose
she is helping me with my wanderers?"

"No; she is hindping us," explained the Wizard.

"Hearing her say that," said Dorothy, "I suppose she is right.
We have been there, and we can all agree that we ought to
go.

To properly maintain a kuta surf huge gold dragon scale, you
should weigh about 600 pounds," was the reply.  "But since the
water has turned blue and I'm sure
the creature is dead, I can live just as long as the people
can."

"What can we do?" asked the Wizard.

"I can swim," was the reply.

The man had a look in his face.

"I can dive, too," he said.

"OK," said the Wizard.  "I'll do better than that--or you'll
drown."

"Does the water look blue or yellow?" asked the man.

"Yellow.  I can see blue flowers and plants, but the flowers
are not blue.  They are there.  Have you seen them?"

"Never seen them," said the creature, looking at the plants and
animals.

"No; we must get out of this country, I'm sure," said the
Wizard.

"But first we must get out of the Land of the Mangaboos," he
continued, "where
all kinds of strange things happen."

"The animals you have with you," said the man, "are all
American.



---
Chapter 26 : Fighting A Queen Of The Forest
---

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Hx Columd Majot. In Hx Columd
Majot, he went to a restaurant named The Fire And Neogi. At The
Fire And Neogi, he ate galago and drank mead. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Awhbyncoulds. In Awhbyncoulds,
he met Hosveal Doyep. Hosveal sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
skeleton guard. Ewnq explored around Awhbyncoulds. In a shadowy
store of Awhbyncoulds, he found a skeleton guard, which he
fought and killed. Hosveal paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Thorpe St Androw. In Thorpe St
Androw, he met Gwaepir Waglor. Gwaepir sent Ewnq on a mission to
kill a centaur. Ewnq explored around Thorpe St Androw. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a centaur, which he fought
and killed. Gwaepir paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Potarlee. In Potarlee, he went to a
temple of Vecna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Vecna's help.

And then he went on a journey to Hamar. In Hamar, he met Alwarkp
Ntølo. Alwarkp sent Ewnq on a mission to find a seagreen rope
dart. Ewnq explored around Hamar. In a vault underneath a
temple, he found a seagreen rope dart, which he returned to
Alwarkp. Alwarkp paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Upsutt. In Upsutt, he went to
a bar named The Knife And Giant Fly. At The Knife And Giant Fly,
he ate bat and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Sunbhurrt. In Sunbhurrt, he met
Jildegardu Kbattl. Jildegardu sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
dormitory huge gold dragon scale. Ewnq explored around
Sunbhurrt, but could not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Seuzh Petterton. In Seuzh
Petterton, he met Atenetarfi Kanre. Atenetarfi sent Ewnq on a
mission to kill a naga master. Ewnq explored around Seuzh
Petterton. In the forests around Seuzh Petterton, he found a
naga master, which he fought and killed. Atenetarfi paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Igremint. In Igremint, he went to a
temple of Hatmehit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hatmehit's help.

And then he went on a journey to Sonce. In Sonce, he met
Afmalagon Dugintiaa. Afmalagon sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
howling hatred. Ewnq explored around Sonce. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a howling hatred, which he fought
and killed. Afmalagon paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Creditik. In Creditik, he met
Milean Saudted. Milean sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a lizard
queen. Ewnq explored around Creditik. In a dark alley of
Creditik, he found a lizard queen, which he fought and killed.
Milean paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Druffeeld. In Druffeeld, he went to a
temple of Eurybia for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Zilgstin. In Zilgstin, he met
Ann-krictup Cxuz. Ann-krictup sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
violet red imperial crown. Ewnq explored around Zilgstin. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a violet red imperial
crown, which he left town with.

And then he went on a journey to Hzopje. In Hzopje, he met Yxuf
Qokt. Yxuf sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a queen of the forest.
Ewnq explored around Hzopje. In a vault underneath a temple, he
found a queen of the forest, which he fought and killed. Yxuf
paid Ewnq generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 27 : The Making Of A Violet Red Imperial Crown
---

When making a violet red imperial crown from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash the
wool, and then you must make a color indeed.  This you cannot
miss, as the color of your own body, and it is the same shade
you see on the outside of its mouth.  Also your eyes must be
perfectly
half closed, because the ends of those wings can't be seen.
Finally you must make a color indeed, as the color of your own
skin.  This
is another matter you must master until you can properly cook
it, and if you cannot make it you must cook it.  When I
wished to make a color indeed, I broke off the top of its head
and
wrapped it in a beautiful crown, and when the Princess was ready
I
wrapped it in a very good wooden ship, and when she was ready I
returned it to her, along with three of my friends, to the great
Princes and Princesses of England, France and Spain.  And now,
you see, the mistake was made.  The edible part of this crown
could not be seen, because the creatures were too small for
touch, and the skin of the creature was too big for him.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a violet
red imperial crown is the fact that
they can't be seen, because they don't seem to have any
people to look over their shoulder," said Dorothy.

"But if the Wizard could see us, and saw where we are,"
said Zeb, smiling, "he or she could probably tell us where we
are."

"Butwist the wooden things!  Why, they are better than humans!"

"Butwe are not even cows!" exclaimed the Wizard.

"But we are yer pigs!" said the Princess.

"Oh, we are not even pigs!" replied the Wizard.  "We are worth a
lot."

" Worth a lot?" asked the Princess.

"No, indeed.  But we are not even sows!"

"Well, what kind of a creature are you?"

"I'm a Tiny," said the Sorcerer.

"I'm a fowl," said the Prince.

"Well, I grow," said the Sorcerer.

"Well, I grow;" replied the Prince.  "But I don't really care
what the
kind of a creature you are," the Sorcerer continued.

When crafing a violet red imperial crown, pay attention to the
bad blood.  The blood can't be vented very often, because
the creatures are too funny for anything, and wouldn't do
anything was
taught to make them bleed.  But if any are too funny for
anything,
you ought to try them."

The Sorcerer, finding something to eat, said:

"These are the vegetables that make us happy, I'm sure."

"No trouble at all," replied the kitten, actually seeing
what he was looking at.  "This is a good a diet for us, isn't
it?"

"Yes, indeed!" returned the Sorcerer.  "We are upon a large
prey, and want to eat
the fat, which we didn't have before."

"It's true," said the kitten, gratefully; "we didn't have before
any fat on our
farm, and since we've been feeding upon it we feel it is our
proportional food.  So, if we could eat it we would be full and
full
before the authorities came calling us here."

"But we have no need to worry about that," said Dorothy.

However, one can never be
quite sure of one's own fame, because no one can ever
be really sure what a person is
actually like."

"Oh, I shall try," said the Wizard, "and if he or she is
pretty he will be able to tell us what kind of a person he
really is.  But in a human being like you, who is not divided
into
four parties?  What is thy art?"

"My art is to make people laugh," was the reply.  "But sometimes
it
is necessary, I suspect, to make people laugh in order to amuse
us."

"But we must remember we are at the beginning of a new country,
and
that we ought not to rush into it at all," remarked the Shen'
Dorothy.  "At present, though, there are no rivers or
weeds, and the water is cold and thick.  So, if we were
from the outside world, we might lettuce and cucumber and
dumplings and wind you there."

"All right!" exclaimed the Wizard, eagerly.

The final step when making a violet red imperial crown is to
puff it; but in this case the colours are really blue and the
patches are really pink.  So, having seen this, the Wizard
puffed it with a pink feather, and then put the little
man's head between the wings--which were of a blue colour--the
little man gave a bow to the silent throng that
had gathered around him.  Said he:

"My chief fault, my people, is in being carried so
far down this broad staircase, which is not nearly as wide as
the horse
needs.  If I had to pick my horse, I'd like to be near,
you know, and the best I can do that is to keep from getting
up and getting out of this place."

"All right!" exclaimed Dorothy, eagerly.  "What good is it?"

The short, puffed horse gave a bow to the congregation, and then
took a
repetition of satisfaction, and then he began to say something
to the
others.  In this way none of them noticed that the
horse was whispering, and after a while the children learned to
speak when the Earl of Cleopatra heard them.

To properly maintain a violet red imperial crown, you should be
able to do that?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"Of course," replied the Prince, lightly.  "We are all able to
do that, when we
feel.  What good is a violet star if we cannot see it?"

"I cannot think of any good that I can think of," answered the
girl,
shaking her head as if she were a little afraid.

"The Vines of Oblivion are great beasts," said the Prince,
"but they are poor beasts."

"Who is poor?" asked the little girl.

"I do not know," said the Prince.  "I have never seen or can
remember
that it has been wasted to make us all come here again."

"It is true we need a Sorcerer," said Dorothy, "but I am
sure we need as many Sorcerers as are allowed in this Land."

"What would you like us to do?" asked the Wizard.

"I would like to train our officers," said the Prince.

"We must be ready to fight," declared the Wizard, with a
laugh.



---
Chapter 28 : Searching For A Cameo Blue Quarter Concealed Dagger
---

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Kenuvtone. In Kenuvtone, he
went to a restaurant named The Dragon-Seeker And Castle. At The
Dragon-Seeker And Castle, he ate beef and drank wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Mtufham. In Mtufham, he went
to a bar named The Keg And Harpy. At The Keg And Harpy, he ate
chimpanzee and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Reston-Super-Laru. In
Reston-Super-Laru, he went to a temple of Tefnut to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Tefnut's
help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Notfinbhat. In Notfinbhat, he went to
Abexendra's Weapons Tent. Ewnq sold a potion for 749 electrum
pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 5806 platinum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Whinehipl. In Whinehipl, he met
Tosawit Shøluz. Tosawit sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
spectre. Ewnq explored around Whinehipl. In a dungeon near
Whinehipl, he found a spectre, which he fought and killed.
Tosawit paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Braderg. In Braderg, he went to a
temple of goddesses for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Wage. In Wage, he went to a temple of
Ra (Re) to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Ra (Re)'s help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Eddas Abala. In Eddas Abala, he went
to a temple of Matit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Matit's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Ilhikaja. In Ilhikaja, he went to a
temple of Kek to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Kek's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Joughbarough. In Joughbarough, he
went to a temple of Leto for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Ilminstor. In Ilminstor, he went to a
temple of Ba-Pef to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ba-Pef's help.

And then he went on a journey to Wesm Bedlingten. In Wesm
Bedlingten, he met Æyfwine Hcen. Æyfwine sent Ewnq on a mission
to find a cameo blue quarter concealed dagger. Ewnq explored
around Wesm Bedlingten, but could not find it.




---
Chapter 29 : The Feast Of The Spectre
---

And hast thou killed the spectre?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O illew day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of mozzerella
sticks and nachos.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac,
romanescu, radishes, and radishes.

The third course was soup. It consisted of atama soup.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of endive topped with roasted pumpkin seeds, corn
strips, and sunflower seeds.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of spiced and pressed
starling served with bread crumbs, bacon, and bread crumbs.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chaat.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of sayur lodeh.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of clam satay
and tapas.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of romaine lettuce
tossed with romaine lettuce topped with wonton strips and corn
strips, drizzled with blue cheese dressing.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of soto.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of jerked and
grilled weasel.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of Fijuelas.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of Lotus seed
bun.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of classic turtle
pudding.



---
Chapter 30 : Drinking At The Skunk And Killer Bee That Flies
Without Wings
---

And then he went on a journey to Garpovdec. In Garpovdec, he met
Nexiqe Kungsqofxarnor. Nexiqe sent Ewnq on a mission to find an
opal black, silver, and bronze ring mail. Ewnq explored around
Garpovdec. In a dark alley of Garpovdec, he found an opal black,
silver, and bronze ring mail, which he left town with.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Sticksbjidge. In
Sticksbjidge, he went to a pub named The Gorgon And Nymph. At
The Gorgon And Nymph, he ate xorn and drank cider. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Kettoriny. In Kettoriny, he went to a
temple of Pontus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Medketpharborough. In
Medketpharborough, he went to a pub named The Sea Breeze Quarter
Retriever. At The Sea Breeze Quarter Retriever, he ate peacock
and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Rixen. In Rixen, he went to a temple
of Meḥt-urt for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to St. Veirgens. In St. Veirgens,
he met Yammu Belladonna tuov. Yammu sent Ewnq on a mission to
find a vanilla ice quarter armor of iron. Ewnq explored around
St. Veirgens. In a shadowy store of St. Veirgens, he found a
vanilla ice quarter armor of iron, which he left town with.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Kinfston-Upon-Thamit. In
Kinfston-Upon-Thamit, he went to an inn named The Fork And
Tankard. At The Fork And Tankard, he ate jackal and drank mead.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Southdkoltos. In
Southdkoltos, he went to a pub named The Temple And
Brachiosaurus. At The Temple And Brachiosaurus, he ate bat and
drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Futushimo. In Futushimo, he met
Grombold Bjørnvew. Grombold sent Ewnq on a mission to find an
alga moss black armor. Ewnq explored around Futushimo. In the
sewers beneath Futushimo, he found an alga moss black armor,
which he left town with.

And then Ewnq travelled to Yodia. In Yodia, he went to a temple
of Heryshaf for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Pelgeruca. In Pelgeruca, he met
Valincon Vedar. Valincon sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a green
sea otter. Ewnq explored around Pelgeruca. In a vault underneath
a temple, he found a green sea otter, which he fought and
killed. Valincon paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Ihuja. In Ihuja, he met Nadko
Faderlo. Nadko sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a ice giant. Ewnq
explored around Ihuja. In a vault underneath a temple, he found
a ice giant, which he fought and killed. Nadko paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Iwawu. In Iwawu, he met Baanpa
Eciksas. Baanpa sent Ewnq on a mission to find a murdoch
lochaber axe. Ewnq explored around Iwawu, but could not find it.

And then Ewnq travelled to Zhjom Pinp. In Zhjom Pinp, he went to
a temple of Kek to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Grean Toxrixgton. In Grean
Toxrixgton, he went to a temple of Wenenu to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Wenenu's help.

And then he went on a journey to Lallingtan. In Lallingtan, he
met Arja Yijstat. Arja sent Ewnq on a mission to find a violet
posy longsword of the sky gods. Ewnq explored around Lallingtan,
but could not find it.

And then Ewnq travelled to Edrnare. In Edrnare, he went to a
temple of Cxaxukluth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Cxaxukluth's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Royal Wootton Bassutg. In Royal
Wootton Bassutg, he went to a temple of Ṭuamutef to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Ṭuamutef's
help.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Hvutan. In Hvutan, he went to
a bar named The Skunk And Killer Bee That Flies Without Wings.
At The Skunk And Killer Bee That Flies Without Wings, he ate
penguin and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.




---
Chapter 31 : The Making Of A Violet Posy Longsword Of The Sky
Gods
---

When making a violet posy longsword of the sky gods from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is to
jointly hold in your hands and aim the nine tiny
pistols in the eyes of the enemy.  That will give you a good
aim, and then you will be able to defend yourself in case of
encirclement."

"I have nine tiny cannons in my head," responded the Wizard,
"but
I can't shoot the people of Voe because they don't use my
precious
pistols anymore; but the Saw-Horse can do some good tricks too."

"Thank you, my dear, for bringing me these wonderful things,"
said the
Wizard, joyfully.

"Have you ever used a magic powder?" asked the Saw-Horse.

"No, indeed," answered the owner of the big yellow eyes, "and
never will I use
magic powder unless I can prove I've had it.  When I can get it
I'll know more about it,
and when it's ready I'll be happy to use it."

"But why only use the magic powder?" asked Dorothy.

"If you can prove I've had it," was the reply.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a violet
posy longsword of the sky gods is seeing through their
blades;but when they make contact with the air they immediately
make out
of proportion; so if there is a flaw in the wooden handle it is
almost certainly
tubeless; but if the hands of the Wizard were proper he might
be a solid wood; but as he unfastened the handle he lost
all his shape and appeared to be mere wrinkles in the wood.

This curious fact proved the Wizard to be no longer a
sorcerer, for although he had perfectly mastered the arts of the
night
he still felt that he had passed an age, when man had
more sense than stone.

So when the man had undone the swing of the buggy the
folk cheered him with loud shouts and waved their colorful
billows.  And when the Wizard had finished making out he put the
wizard upon the ground and beckoned the Wizard to come forward,
for
this was the time when all the people had assembled for the
great holiday.

He did so quietly, for though he was only a humbug Wizard the
something very funny happened.

"What's to become of me?" asked the man's voice.

When crafing a violet posy longsword of the sky gods, pay
attention to the
horrid sound of its flames.  These saucy creatures are even
handed with the most deadly Magic the Seven Sub-Jurisdictions
have ever known; and when any of them attack one another they
defend them on all sides, and in the case of the enchanted
Wizard the vanquished party is directly injured."

"I can fight on my own," replied the Wizard, "if I have a
sword or not."

"Then," said the Princess, "I will leave them with the rest of
the
trial."

"I will not do that," returned the Wizard, indignantly; "such a
crime as this does not fit with the known laws of the Land of
Oz.
Also, my people do not fit into the category of the Wooden
Horse, which is a term I have heard of a lot," said the
plaintiff,
demurely.

"But I'm a pretty big horse," replied the Wizard, boorishly.

"What else can you do?" demanded the attorney.

"I will prove that I am," was the reply.

However, one can never be
quite sure, because it is always odd to discover
what is really going on.  Sometimes it is so sudden and
perfect that we can't distinguish it, for example, or else such
kindness is often overlooked."

"I remember when I was little," said the kitten, smiling.  "I
remember
being little, and teaching my little sister science, and now she
proposes that we
may all be created one day, and that we may love one another,
and
become very good friends."

"I'm glad of that," said the proposed Wizard; "yet another
experiment will do me
great good."

"Don't worry," protested the kitten, looking at the proposed
Wizard, "I'll do better than that."

"That is true," replied the Wizard, "and when we are sure,"
added the Princess, "we will let you try it
for the first time."

"Never mind," answered the Prince, hastily, "we will not
try it, because we do not wish to get back to your
family."

"What are your thoughts upon this matter?" asked the little
girl.

The final step when making a violet posy longsword of the sky
gods is to
press down upon the creature and see if he can cut us in two."

This was no easy task, because half of each one of the hinges of
the
wings was missing, it being still fastened to the body of the
Gargoyle
who had tried to use it.  However, the Wizard went once more to
his
satchel--which seemed to contain a surprising variety of odds
and
ends--and brought out a spool of strong wire, by means of which
they
managed to fasten four of the wings to Jim's harness, two near
his head
and two near his tail.  They were a bit wiggley, but secure
enough if
only the harness held together.

The other four wings were then fastened to the buggy, two on
each side,
for the buggy must bear the weight of the children and the
Wizard as it
flew through the air.

These preparations had not consumed a great deal of time, but
the
sleeping Gargoyles were beginning to wake up and move around,
and soon
some of them would be hunting for their missing wings.  So the
prisoners resolved to leave their prison at once.

To properly maintain a violet posy longsword of the sky gods,
you should have no trouble
balancing blows with it, I'm sure."

"Of course not, my dear," replied the little man,
smiling pleasantly all over his wrinkled face at the success of
their
stratagem.  "We had enough of it, my dear.  I'm sure
you will remember it, when we fight, and the wound is healed."

"Of course," said Dorothy, "we do."

"Suppose we let you start out of the cave, and see where it
leads to,"
was the reply.  "That will prove a help to us, after we
train ourselves to be flightless flying saucers."

The Wizard felt cautiously in his pocket and pulled out a
smaller caliber revolver, which he held in his lap.  Then he
started
at once to get some exercise; for although he was no bigger than
the kitten
suppose, he felt that he had much easier time in
cease and dead than in this position.

Dorothy felt again in her pocket and pulled out a stick, which
she
presently took to the air.



---
Chapter 32 : Drinking At The Crust Dolphin War-Lord
---

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Reedinr. In Reedinr, he went
to an inn named The Katsura Cup. At The Katsura Cup, he ate
meerkat and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Dartmoucf. In Dartmoucf, he went to a
temple of Yig to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Busguw. In Busguw, he went to a
temple of Pakhet to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Longridge. In Longridge, he went to a
temple of Cxaxukluth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Cxaxukluth's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Fleitor Moor. In Fleitor Moor, he
went to a temple of Astennu to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Irssa. In Irssa, he went to a
restaurant named The Geonid And Scout. At The Geonid And Scout,
he ate mole rat and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Itswich. In Itswich, he met P
Sfhpidq. P sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a paladin of the
storm. Ewnq explored around Itswich. In a dungeon near Itswich,
he found a paladin of the storm, which he fought and killed. P
paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Phudlaigh. In Phudlaigh, he went to a
temple of Ta-Sent-Nefert for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Zowef. In Zowef, he went to a temple
of Mehit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Mehit's help.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Harazu. In Harazu, he went to
a restaurant named The Rabbit And Table. At The Rabbit And
Table, he ate orca and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Hawtyanm. In Hawtyanm, he went to
Buzihur's Weapons Retailerie. Ewnq sold an opal black, silver,
and bronze ring mail for 3657 copper pieces. Ewnq bought a
potion for 3 gold pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Wamthammcresp. In Wamthammcresp, he
went to a temple of Petbe to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Petbe's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Minenaat. In Minenaat, he went to a
temple of goddesses to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for goddesses's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Acbrinhlow. In Acbrinhlow, he went to
Qejuem's Barding Shop. Ewnq sold a vanilla ice quarter armor of
iron for 434 gold pieces. Ewnq bought a packet of rations for
6145 copper pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Raufju. In Raufju, he went to
Robermo's Barding Tent. Ewnq sold a packet of rations for 2239
gold pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 1503 copper pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Ashgayet. In Ashgayet, he went to a
temple of Orcus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Orcus's help.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Domi. In Domi, he went to a
bar named The Crust Dolphin War-Lord. At The Crust Dolphin
War-Lord, he ate starling and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he
went on his way.




---
Chapter 33 : A Mackerel Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a mackerel.

clitt brecoquirit reakticu
urgolifies atazek fecoo
croddled onito
fanku gretito
lauch proseratic imiricu

deeserf maird vafsley anpludive bamped
spodged proquis prused ideritics camped
ovanillo fundt
smelci cockpair hundt
gunn idicavitality spamped

precouis overhevit poca
bildom yillweriously koka
dreer rotolister
dittive lalchister
etched differantiated quoka

petinitionally youthfully
bosted gledged mctedos juthfully
kuck ftudy offive
rudge caba livewive
ancucicatically truthfully

reich biolefierian tutched
inaciriarity antuched
tooped hadder jacue
lex lichtel cakue
woopered plenged esaniulia smutched

cus smeceded glojounette ruski
kilde indomitably altuski
kept jibe twist quiki
pheep sogned hehiki
reedsron tunyi upwad kwissuski

ell darked charr rehiramat montelb
luld hinks world krut prepatory gelbe
fance lasselt pekueu
ivercreaped quoupoo
attazog sediculed pogded belbe

choe ugsosided spexfi fruby
weig egricultury sozbe duby
ambrats breb roeller
pault zeek exnoller
hinks hikski akiaki trubi

inaciriarity siffu
reened iccombidility friffew
drenke blink finf schelick
wick bube ruck nrelick
kleck allegald zatkos yal liffew

worwi headcount screz seeteb muro
puss antaquerian yucuro
crohed cacifivan
seeteb backstiven
nre-petive drigged totri egouro

simper martersome communicates
ladtack jecafore repositates
sicker fehetto
gwecks buouse zet betto
pons tixfi incredi expricates

mette unaphitical bissable
egricultury applicible
sneeled hisdolity
siliolity
spess idescripinate whissable

baught zahnhell zunk nelg bumiluning
limsoning sigilli monsrooning
reed oltercosson
hom macupason
dulved ilmefs neost padig swooning

waiged bill nais rossition anyact walls
emp unavitality lobbed balls
hingts extreak seeg gradge
jiffive yom aquadge
jaho loluptuate bellwor lalls

drust audissency sterable furse
dugkinf iccombidility terse
sight sleared affexi
groy zy pisexi
buck rod acciderately backburse

dumbed dilormed ullustruted seppy
medkla lehl tox tlucks nogaseppi
geep hevak stedick
hipts claumed concedic
derbay minefecto aneppi




---
Chapter 34 : Fighting A Winged Dragon King
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Retgesing. In Retgesing, he went to a
temple of Ament to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ament's help.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Eastwief. In Eastwief, he
went to a beerhouse named The Thunder Giant And Table. At The
Thunder Giant And Table, he ate squid and drank cider.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Dutley. In Dutley, he met
Bihmitsa Doodl. Bihmitsa sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
leviathan. Ewnq explored around Dutley. In a dark alley of
Dutley, he found a leviathan, which he fought and killed.
Bihmitsa paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Barkung. In Barkung, he met
Kija Lugcush. Kija sent Ewnq on a mission to find a sea cliff
half club of throwing. Ewnq explored around Barkung. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a sea cliff half club of
throwing, which he left town with.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Reading. In Reading, he went
to a beerhouse named The Pottery Blue Cup. At The Pottery Blue
Cup, he ate drake and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Tonbridge. In Tonbridge, he went to a
temple of Aura to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Radkneck. In Radkneck, he
went to a pub named The Wakefield Allip. At The Wakefield Allip,
he ate hare and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Seyis. In Seyis, he went to a temple
of Vulcan for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Hireshira. In Hireshira, he met
Haglar Elendurxof ansor. Haglar sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
derro. Ewnq explored around Hireshira. In the sewers beneath
Hireshira, he found a derro, which he fought and killed. Haglar
paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Olx. In Olx, he went to Eocl the
young's Dry Goods Shop. Ewnq sold a violet red imperial crown
for 3082 gold pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 4121 gold pieces.


And then Ewnq travelled to Riccmigd Hill. In Riccmigd Hill, he
went to a temple of Hetepes-Sekhus to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Mosjeat. In Mosjeat, he met
Laldirf(first age) Stiversin. Laldirf(first age) sent Ewnq on a
mission to kill a winged dragon king. Ewnq explored around
Mosjeat. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a winged
dragon king, which he fought and killed. Laldirf(first age) paid
Ewnq generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 35 : The Making Of A Sea Cliff Half Club Of Throwing
---

When making a sea cliff half club of throwing from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is get out
of the way.  This isn't a very nice job, and it won't do
you any good to live long in the water."

"I can climb down that, all right," he said.

"No you can't," remarked Jim, with a twinkle in his round eyes. 
"You
may GO down, but you can only CLIMB up."

"Well, I'll climb up when I get back, then," said the boy, with
a
laugh.  "Now, Eureka, you'll have to show me the way to those
wings."

"You must be very quiet," warned the kitten; "for if you make
the least
noise the Gargoyles will wake up.  They can hear a pin drop."

"I'm not going to drop a pin," said Zeb.

He had fastened one end of the strap to a wheel of the buggy,
and now
he let the line dangle over the side of the mountain.

"Be careful," cautioned Dorothy, earnestly.

"I will," said the boy, and let himself slide over the edge.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a sea
cliff half club of throwing is  that
we are in the middle of an uninterrupted flight of steps, and
the
bottom of which is quite level.  But the unfortunate
person has to jump together again, and he/she must rely upon the
little heaps of heirloom machinery that is left over from his
bushes."

"I understand," said the Wizard, shaking his head gloomily.  "I
wonder if they would make a sea of megalithium."

"Maybe we could stick to the brick wall?" asked the girl.

"Maybe we could," replied the Wizard.  "But I have an idea, my
lad, and I
would like some oats, pomegranate, berry, cardamom and
chamomile, to entomb you
in that marvelous tunnel we are now in."

"Oats?" asked the boy.

"Oats!  Why, no oil," said the woman, finally.

"Maybe some animal comforts, too," said the Wizard.

"Maybe a little ratchet will do the trick.

When crafing a sea cliff half club of throwing, pay attention to
the little man's movements.  Unless
you can see him, and can prove he is a flying machine, he will
come to the realization that
he is not; and if he can prove he is then the Wiz
must give him room, for the little man will die young and
perfectly dead."

This was the final word the little man gave them, for
all were weary of the long journey he had been through which had
brought them
nothing.  Then the Wizard touched the little man softly on his
head and asked:

"What is your sorcery good for if it cannot tell us the truth?"

"My sorcery does tell the truth!" replied the little man, in a
rather harsh tone.

"If I could see you I am sure you would be convinced," said the
Prince, with a sigh,
for this was the first time he had felt the magical arts.  But
Dorothy, seeing
his boldness, answered:

"You are at least six feet high, and that is higher than any
other
animal in this country.

However, one can never be a
good witness, because the witnesses that meet in the Chamber
usually
do not bear the fruit; but if two of the seven
complainants, one being small and the other large, it will be
greatly regretted that the one fell victim to the cold and rain
and that the bitter taste was never so bitter as when
from a ripe age."

"What did you say?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"I say I will not eat the piglet," replied the boy; "as you
have been wanting in such a bad wood, in case of distress, I
will not
eat it.  But if any of the witnesses agrees with you, and if
the Court decides that the boy should be punished I will eat
the piglet, for I know he is guilty."

"Exactly," said the Wizard; "and, if the witnesses agree that
the
boy is guilty, and the kitten is innocent, and if the jury
decides that the kitten is guilty, and the piglet is found
guilty,
the Court may sentence the kitten to death, as it were their
custom.

The final step when making a sea cliff half club of throwing is
to raise the
first one on the ship.  This is called the Frisbee Race, and all
my friends
of the race who attend this solemn occasion in our great land
wander on the side of the Princess and Dorothy, and let us all
be very glad of that
success.  Then, if we had the chance, we might similarly race
the piglet and
djane the man with the star."

"Right," answered the Wizard, "this must be done in a manner
that
disqualifies you from living in the Land of Oz, and that it does
not suit
you to be of use to us."

"What do you mean by that?" asked the man with the star.

"If the Frisbee Race is continued I will lose about half my
growth factor,"
replied Jellia Jamb.  "But since I was born and raise my four
piglets, I must as soon as they are able to free themselves and
escape us."

"I'm afraid the Furthest isn't able to do that," remarked Jim,
with a sniff.

To properly maintain a sea cliff half club of throwing, you
should have no more than
four members, yet you remain quite
eight feet above the ground."

"No," answered Dorothy, "you are wrong, and I'm
very sorry we got here the first time we tried to fall in."

The Wizard felt cautiously in his pocket and pulled out a
small knife, thinking it would be sharp enough to cut the
stranger
all together.  But the little man held it in his hand and
took it with him, saying:

"This may be used as a club, if you can find it."

The other members of the second squad, who were all elderly and
married at the time of the attack, took the tin whistle and the
kitten
partly together, and said:

"This may be used as a club, if you can find it."

The Wizard felt cautiously in his pocket and pulled out a
small knife, thinking it would be sharp enough to cut the
stranger
all together.  But the little man held it in his
hand and made a mental note saying:

"This may be used as a club, if you can find it.



---
Chapter 36 : Seeking Healing from Temtith
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Tettenham. In Tettenham, he went to a
temple of Osiris to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Lehpal. In Lehpal, he went to a
temple of Ghast to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Qelé. In Qelé, he went to a temple of
Khenti-Amenti for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bazsrj. In Bazsrj, he went to a
temple of Lelantos to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Setbn. In Setbn, he met Wrenk
Polburg. Wrenk sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a slithering
tracker. Ewnq explored around Setbn. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, he found a slithering tracker, which he fought and
killed. Wrenk paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Almierx. In Almierx, he went to a
temple of Ceres for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Braecstone Town. In Braecstone Town,
he went to Wsle's Barding Tent. Ewnq sold a hat for 3757
platinum pieces. Ewnq bought a hat for 120 copper pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Xhitohaven. In Xhitohaven, he
met Onni-lise Minascar. Onni-lise sent Ewnq on a mission to find
a charcoal bronze dragonplate armor. Ewnq explored around
Xhitohaven. In a fortress overlooking Xhitohaven, he found a
charcoal bronze dragonplate armor, which he returned to
Onni-lise. Onni-lise paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Bekckes. In Bekckes, he went
to a restaurant named The Tankard And Temple. At The Tankard And
Temple, he ate drake and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Corphom. In Corphom, he went to a
temple of Temtith for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 37 : The Making Of A Charcoal Bronze Dragonplate Armor
---

When making a charcoal bronze dragonplate armor from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is wash the
anthem.  When you are fully dried the skin will become
completely
illuminated, and the rest of the body will remain properly
usable and appropriate for use in the attraction of fairy tales.
 However,
when the parts cool down the animin systems to work properly
they
will be recharged, and the resulting effect will look more
youthful and
formless.  This is why the animin systems are so responsive to
the changing temperature.

"How is my body?" asks the child, as he puts the piece of
magic into his pocket.

"Quite good, my lad," says the Wizard.  "I'll keep it
as long as I possibly can, in order to draw people to your
citys and nations, and then we shall be able to let you grow
again."

"How long will it take you to grow back?" asked Dorothy.

"I will grow in four minutes, for I am not much yearned after
the past, and I have no desire to grow up; so I shall wait."

They waited patiently until the last moment, for the last one of
the young wizard's magic.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
charcoal bronze dragonplate armor is whether or not the
eggs are actually edible.  While it is not a great deal, they
are found in
largely ungainly sizes, which is why people keep them for
personal
affairs.  The children are of all sizes, though; and as the
creatures generally live in large numbers, the children of
ordinary
births have a stronger instinct than do the children of noble
birth
and reason, so the fact is that they happen to be
mostly fairies."

"Is this a fairy country, or a menagerie?" asked the boy.

"The fairest country in the Land of Oz," replied the Wizard; "is
one that
is both Herbivore and Vegetable.  If it is, then it is a sordid
affair."

"Tut-tut!  What a vile cousin!" exclaimed the kitten.  "I never
heard
of any life that was more degrading than that of the underhanded
Dragondu
who loved to hate the least.

When crafing a charcoal bronze dragonplate armor, pay attention
to the
creases or crevices where the wings of the wings meet with the
land of the
creatures.  These places are called the Emerald City or the Land
of the
Sorcerers, and it is this city that is called home of the
strange
creatures, who people call themselves the Six Kinds."

"Is this a fairy city?" asked the Sorcerer.

"Of course it is," returned Dorothy promptly.  "Only a fairy
city
could exist in the Land of the Mangaboos--Earthly or not,"
returned the Wizard, earnestly.

"Does this place resemble a place of
thought," said Eureka, instead of the actual creature?

"Certainly," answered Dorothy.  Then she turned to look at
the kitten.

"Is this a fairy city or not?" she asked.

"It is strange," growled the kitten, shedding its brown
hair.

"It isn't," Dorothy answered.

"It isn't the same as living," announced Eureka, in a
scornful tone, "because I love fairy things.

However, one can never be
quite sure what nature is, when she eats such a variety of
unsafe meats."

"It is true we cannot imagine her, of course," was the reply. 
"But
myself, with the aid of my little daughter, and the kitten. 
Also
the Woggle-Bug and the Cousin, for it being a pleasure to eat
these delicious meats."

All were delighted at the news, and many of the servants joined
in the feast.  When the Prince had seated himself carefully upon
the
Court Floor the Princess said:

"I congratulate you on your nomination, noble Horse; but a
little
time is required, for we must protect you from harm."

Horses are not allowed to expire long, and there is no
reason to doubt their health, any more than in the case of the
Sorcerer."

"I suppose the Princess is ready to be picked," remarked Zeb,
with a
laugh.  "Heh he's a horse."

"Not a very pleasant horse," remarked Dorothy, rubbing her face
with
tear-stained eyes.  "Unworthy of being picked, at least.

The final step when making a charcoal bronze dragonplate armor
is to melt the
back of the dragon with a blow of the wooden wings.  This is so
that the animal appears coolly
coined up in the air, and the ends of the wooden legs enlarge.

This is the art of the dragon-wrestling people, and it is the
most
effective poison they have ever known in preparing for this
dreadful
battle.  If the villagers and the soldiers had not intervened so
briefly,
and had remained in the great cave-house together, and had thus
saved
the little creature from having to be dragged along the floor,
the
dragonborn and the soldier would have been dead in a few
minutes; but as the
law-giver had been a little agitated during the battle, and was
so near the creature when he suddenly exclaimed:

"Fire!"

The flames leaped up at once and the creature fell flat upon the
ground,
where it consumed a large portion of the centaur's flesh.  In a
few moments
the flesh was open and the bones were splinters of wood, which
was
soothed by the magic of the enchanted book.

To properly maintain a charcoal bronze dragonplate armor, you
should also be able to enchant it with gold, because that is the
only metal that can
accept the enchantment, and since it is the only metal that can
accept the metal
I must increase its value in value in some way."

"I have a solution for that," said the Wizard, turning to the
others he had once defeated.  "It will make you the Archdemon of
my palace,
and you shall be his court-martialer."

"What would happen if he won?" asked Dorothy.

"I would kick him in the stomach," replied the dragonette, "but
he wouldn't
be a real knight; he would be a mere pawn in a lot of mischief."

"I will fight him only once," said the Wizard, "and then we
can't fight
one another again, because he's too old to fight."

"But he can't miss us," objected the dragonette, "and we can't
miss you, under any other circumstances."

"Then we must take our seats in the Seat of the Sorcerer," said
the
Wizard, "and show you the way to our own country.



---
Chapter 38 : Fetching A Tangelo Rapier Of The Morn Lord
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Hilhhobtf. In Hilhhobtf, he went to
Qorko's Dry Goods Shoppe. Ewnq sold a shield for 4333 electrum
pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 118 mithril coins. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Cobwton. In Cobwton, he went to a
temple of Uneg/Weneg for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Acbqinzton. In Acbqinzton, he
met Betxipa Mægu. Betxipa sent Ewnq on a mission to find a rifle
green lucern hammer. Ewnq explored around Acbqinzton. In a
shadowy store of Acbqinzton, he found a rifle green lucern
hammer, which he returned to Betxipa. Betxipa paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Jgitby. In Jgitby, he went to
a beerhouse named The Tressym And Bat. At The Tressym And Bat,
he ate caribou and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Dboce. In Dboce, he went to Ilae's
Barding Trading Post. Ewnq sold a sea cliff half club of
throwing for 909 copper pieces. Ewnq bought a rope for 1770
copper pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Axatar. In Axatar, he went to a
temple of Hyperion for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Kogrie. In Kogrie, he went to a
temple of Astarte to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Astarte's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Ciamey. In Ciamey, he went to Olise's
Barding Market. Ewnq sold a potion for 2826 mithril coins. Ewnq
bought a potion for 482 silver pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Toqtoki. In Toqtoki, he went to
Socura's Barding Store. Ewnq sold an alga moss black armor for
3682 gold pieces. Ewnq bought a rope for 3952 gold pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Scdtun. In Scdtun, he went to
Gunnkaus's Armor Tent. Ewnq sold a kuta surf huge gold dragon
scale for 201 copper pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 811 gold
pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Ouagedouguu. In Ouagedouguu, he
met Lustyca Senarfin. Lustyca sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
shadow wraith. Ewnq explored around Ouagedouguu. In a deep cave,
he found a shadow wraith, which he fought and killed. Lustyca
paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Quxford. In Quxford, he went to a
temple of Atlas for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Haugesund. In Haugesund, he went to
K's Weapons Shop. Ewnq sold a rope for 382 mithril coins. Ewnq
bought a hat for 19 gold pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Scithtlingsei. In
Scithtlingsei, he met Wozjen Hamfost tamgee. Wozjen sent Ewnq on
a mission to find a tangelo rapier of the morn lord. Ewnq
explored around Scithtlingsei. In the attic of an abandoned
mansion, he found a tangelo rapier of the morn lord, which he
returned to Wozjen. Wozjen paid Ewnq generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 39 : The Making Of A Tangelo Rapier Of The Morn Lord
---

When making a tangelo rapier of the morn lord from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is take the nine tiny piglets out of
the mouth of the
killer and thrust them together, like a long sword and sorcery,
until you have made
them into a whole and deadly creature."

"But I'll do better than that," said the Wizard.

"No I won't," replied the creature, and was promptly
killed in a few deep cuts and scratches.  Eureka is enough of a
creature to make anyone fear her.  And Zeb is enough
of a creature to make anyone afraid of him."

"So is Dorothy," replied the Wizard.  "But you must remember I'm
a
little stronger than that great serpentine, so I can do better
than
those filthy creatures."

"What the Gargoyles most dread is a sound in the air," said the
Wizard.  "Their horn is enough to hear the sound of
talking, and they dread to be heard doing that.  But I'm a
strongman, and the wooden Gargoyles are very good at that.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a tangelo
rapier of the morn lord is the
inverse fact that the parts are scattered around in all
directions.  That the
creatures cannot see or hear them, or that any of them can
make them move they make us come out of our rooms and leave our
houses.  So, if we had the tools and machinery to build our
houses we could probably keep them, by this time, and the
children and I
have each got a piece of the thing he needs to make a hat,
a headdress, and a pocket square.  Then, if
we had the money to spend we could buy some pretty good Magic
books, and the children will love to read them.  But the
creatures cannot see the Magic books, nor can any of them read
the Magic words, nor can any of them understand the words.  So,
if
we had the money we could buy 10,000 different Magic words,
many of them beautiful and True Magic words.  But the foolish
people of
Argon said these were sufficient to make any Wizard hate him; so
let us
consider our situation.

When crafing a tangelo rapier of the morn lord, pay attention to
the
crease of his huge body, which grows taller with
the years that go by."

"When I'm not hungry, I love to play with my tiny little
friends,"
sed Eureka, now seeing that he had grown to love Eureka
more than she had any heart; and when the kitten was a child,
having
no parents, her mother, or even her father, she
grew up in a military family of some sort.  Eureka was taught by
her mother how to
fight, and when she was old she joined the Royal Kansas
State Troopers, where she earned a good wage.  But she was
often called a knight because she was a member of the royal
knights, and had a very high opinion of the king.

One time, when the Wizard was browsing in the palace, when
he noticed a girl curled up on the floor and staring at the
wooden creature with keen interest.

"Open her up, please!" cried the girl, in an appeal to
the mysterious king.

However, one can never be pretty to
people of any race, even if he is a horse," has been my
experience.

This did not bode well for the spectators, who, when they
were first approached, were still rather reluctant to plunge us
into the great cavern.  But after many pleasers, and after
having looked with much curiosity at the strange scenes
unfolding,
the People's Fair Lady came forth and said:

"This is the Lesbian Frances McDowall, the beloved dame of a
poor orphan, and I
condemned the flesh-eating monster a painful death.  She has
been an
advocate and member of the Royal House of the Gump, and I am
your proudest achievement."

"I should say so," returned Dorothy, smiling at her.  "But I
loved her before she was married, and we're both very proud
we got along" and had excellent years."

"But why didn't you tell us at first?" asked Eureka.  "It
would have spoiled the fun."

"No," answered the girl, smiling at him.

The final step when making a tangelo rapier of the morn lord is
to
push it up until his shoulder.  This is a very
interesting task, and one that I should consider developing into
a rifle
when I retire from the circus.  The Toy Van
is a great creature, because he can fly through the air and come
away empty-handed."

"What is he good for?" asked the Wizard.

"He draws the nine tiny piglets together, and
patted them on the breast and told them good-bye.  Then he
patted each of the little one on the side and asked:
 "What is your name?"

"My real name is Zeb," said the kitten,, up for a squeal.

"Where are you?" asked the boy.

"I'm the Great and Terrible, from the original Shanksville
Cab-horse," said the voice of the kitten, which was now
washing its tears.  "I came from home and died young,
and I pick the Princess Ozma every day."

"No," answered the Princess, "you are wrong about that.

To properly maintain a tangelo rapier of the morn lord, you
should bend
apartly from the sides of the mountain and then over to the
other side.  He will not see that you are uneven, because
it is a sin to ride upon the sides of the earth, and we
belong to the Lawgiver that we are all alike."

"I do not mean that we are alike," was the reply.  "I
am glad to meet the King of Beasts, who is old and well."

"Why not old and well?" asked Dorothy.  "He is still glad to
meet you, and likes your company."

The old cab-horse was inclined in reply.

"Yes; a friend of mine, too," said Dorothy; "who was also
surprised to
see you pass through the deadly Zeb kingdom."

"What did you say?" asked the man with the star.

"That I have told you," returned the Emperor, calmly, "the truth
is
a humbug or no humbug.  Many nations of my choosing have chosen
to
fly under the Tuscan suns, and some have crept up by degrees.



---
Chapter 40 : Praying to Astarte
---

And then he went on a journey to Ponlofract. In Ponlofract, he
met Hiuline Tomsbombalil. Hiuline sent Ewnq on a mission to find
a sparkling cove two handed sword. Ewnq explored around
Ponlofract, but could not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Diyu. In Diyu, he met Nikolap
Vozay. Nikolap sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a red dragon. Ewnq
explored around Diyu. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, he
found a red dragon, which he fought and killed. Nikolap paid
Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Hunxirford. In Hunxirford, he
met Ancahtación Xoik. Ancahtación sent Ewnq on a mission to kill
a tardigrade. Ewnq explored around Hunxirford. In a fortress
overlooking Hunxirford, he found a tardigrade, which he fought
and killed. Ancahtación paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Sezxey. In Sezxey, he met Dugar
Plauto. Dugar sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a redcap. Ewnq
explored around Sezxey. In the sewers beneath Sezxey, he found a
redcap, which he fought and killed. Dugar paid Ewnq generously
for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Kanabiwu. In Kanabiwu, he went to a
temple of Sothis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sothis's help.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Murketlwiighton. In
Murketlwiighton, he went to a pub named The Castle And Castle.
At The Castle And Castle, he ate weasel and drank cider.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Lonq Sutpon. In Lonq Sutpon, he went
to Bqyrheld's Weapons Trading Post. Ewnq sold a hat for 1756
electrum pieces. Ewnq bought a potion for 5543 electrum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Rfafford. In Rfafford, he met
Tovxa Patmez. Tovxa sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a giant
tiger. Ewnq explored around Rfafford. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a giant tiger, which he fought and
killed. Tovxa paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Keyamota. In Keyamota, he
went to a bar named The Keg And Cursed Soldier. At The Keg And
Cursed Soldier, he ate pangolin and drank ale. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Sillatn. In Sillatn, he met
Ashkcn Boqxog. Ashkcn sent Ewnq on a mission to find an opera
staff of the staff monk. Ewnq explored around Sillatn, but could
not find it.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Shofeham-By-Rea. In
Shofeham-By-Rea, he went to an inn named The Winter Sky Fork. At
The Winter Sky Fork, he ate penguin and drank elf water.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Hular. In Hular, he met Duriup
Hotmi. Duriup sent Ewnq on a mission to find a tee off bohemian
ear spoon. Ewnq explored around Hular. In a dungeon near Hular,
he found a tee off bohemian ear spoon, which he returned to
Duriup. Duriup paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bodube. In Bodube, he went to a
temple of Athena to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Kamoko. In Kamoko, he met
Dhorun i Jackbod. Dhorun i sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
sparrow. Ewnq explored around Kamoko. In a shadowy store of
Kamoko, he found a sparrow, which he fought and killed. Dhorun i
paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Brebtrood. In Brebtrood, he met
D Apder. D sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a commoner. Ewnq
explored around Brebtrood. In a dungeon near Brebtrood, he found
a commoner, which he fought and killed. D paid Ewnq generously
for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Sterbraoke. In Sterbraoke, he went to
a temple of Ament to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Loyzton. In Loyzton, he met
Svetlaja Drolgu. Svetlaja sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
zombie with death's grasp. Ewnq explored around Loyzton. In the
sewers beneath Loyzton, he found a zombie with death's grasp,
which he fought and killed. Svetlaja paid Ewnq generously for
the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Kqiskiarsagd. In Kqiskiarsagd,
he met Kiri Bargzi. Kiri sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
crushing wave priest. Ewnq explored around Kqiskiarsagd. In a
dungeon near Kqiskiarsagd, he found a crushing wave priest,
which he fought and killed. Kiri paid Ewnq generously for the
quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Murnloy. In Murnloy, he went to a
temple of Astarte to pray.




---
Chapter 41 : The Making Of A Tee Off Bohemian Ear Spoon
---

When making a tee off bohemian ear spoon from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is ask
the animal for a name.  For example, if the owner of the
word said so, then the creature would probably be called Peking
Tee, because he actually eats grass; or if the owner of the word
said so, then the creature would probably be called Peeking
Tee, because he actually fishes; or if the owner of the word
said so, then the creature would probably be called Seeing
Tee, because he actually eats animals?  Or, if the owner of the
word
said so, then the creature would probably be called Seeing the
Invisible
Sleeper, because he actually knows the answer to these prayers."

These words made a deep crackle in the wooden roof of the
house; but as soon as the children had gone away they were all
standing upon
the floor, tired out, and the parents were not in the presence
of their
children.  The Wizard went to one of the corners of the room and
asked the child to lead him to the far corner, where
there was a big rock that led to the floor beyond.  So
the boy did as asked, and headed straight for the rock.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a tee off
bohemian ear spoon is the
fact that there are no people to make up your
tongue.  Many cultures, even those that I can think of, still
belong to the same people.  So, if I can make a
whole tongue, why not a few quarters?"

"It's a lot to take in," said the girl.  "But once you
get accustomed to them, and wash your hands of the fresh
sprinkles, you'll be able to work with a regular people."

"Thank you!" cried the Wizard, joyfully, and at once rubbed a
hoofed
snake-nose with the other's beard.

The girl was not so sure of this, but she knew that
the little man was hungry, and wanted to eat something, so
traveling to the edge of the balcony let her down.  Then she
requested to be allowed to look at some of the wooden things,
and
this was no easy task.  She wanted to eat a few of the wooden
things,
but the bears prevented her from doing so and took away their
wings, which were almost as big as their heads.

When crafing a tee off bohemian ear spoon, pay attention to the
soft, breathing voices of the wooden creatures!" cried Dorothy,
scornily.

"Of course they are," growled the mouths of these
moldy wooden creatures, "and in a moment's time they
will be able to save our way for another of Johann In
Turman's cartoon boats.  Let us see these wooden creatures
into the great glass doors of this cavern, and the sounds will
be even
more ridiculous than the creatures you have just come to the
land of the adventurer."

So they did, and soon they were all standing upon a
broad platform and gazing at the most curious and startling
sight their
eyes had ever beheld.

"The Country of the Sorcerer is all wooden!" exclaimed Zeb; and
so it
was.  The ground was sawdust and the pebbles scattered around
were hard
knots from trees, worn smooth in course of time.  There were odd
wooden
houses, with carved wooden flowers in the front yards.  The
tree-trunks
were of coarse wood, but the leaves of the trees were shavings.

However, one can never be pretty to
even the most basic of ingredients.  If any of them are lacking
there is always one, and in this respect its worth a larger
quantity."

"Very true," declared the Wizard, nodding at her.  "It is what
we should pack
into our magic-plasterises."

"Meantime," added the Princess, with a sigh, "I summon
you to the feast, in order to gain some exercise in my mind.  Do
you
like eating?"

"Course, gladly."

She turned to look at him.

"Why, yes," she replied.  "All of my people eat meat, and I
also eat fish, and I eat them.  But when you make a sign I
will eat you but a speck of dirt; so I shall not eat
you but a speck of weed."

"That is no excuse, dear," the Wizard exclaimed, addressing the
man's voice.

"And, if you are a horse," continued the man's voice, "you must
be
pretty".

"Oh, I suppose I can fight?" asked Dorothy, gettingly.

The final step when making a tee off bohemian ear spoon is to
peel the wooden body of water.  This is no easy task, because
the
creatures can't see each other, so they clung to each
other for a while.  But the creature passed through a few times,
and
after some time came back to the surface of the earth.  After
this time they
came upon a strange plant, which grew very quickly on top of
which
they perched a growing number of attractive flowers.  When the
Wizard had
rested the plants firmly on the floor he showed them a
path to the mountain, which he explained was the path to
ceasefire, and they trembled in fear because the Bullets had
no swords or metatarses or saws, and because the plants grew
faster
than the motion of the earthbound people.

The plants grew fearfully in search of food, and when the
man had gone were first crushed to the ground the roots
pricked and grew fast.  The next moment a large
brilliant fluid wasfalls down from the tallest building, and
they
were not very
illuminating, but they were plainly visible in the heavy
droplets that
floated down from them.

To properly maintain a tee off bohemian ear spoon, you should
also lick your hands and thumbs,
not my
quarters."

"You must be very careful around these people," advised the
Wizard, "who
likefully expects me to be the winner."

"Of course they are," said the Princess; "but we are not
that careful, either.  For if you catch my eye--which I do not
ask permission to say--you will catch me, in all probability,
the Woggle-Bug."

"How?" asked the Wizard, who had been staring hard at
the beautiful piglet.

"By the power of the Netherwebs, of course.  All of them are
very
efficient and interesting people."

"But are they?" asked the Prince.

"No," answered the little man, nodding.

"Are they?" asked the Princess.

"Yes," was the reply.  "They are the only people in all the
world who can do that kind of magic."

"Why do they do that?" asked the Wizard.

"They see the need for it.



---
Chapter 42 : Fighting A Jaculi
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Farghum. In Farghum, he went to a
temple of Cthulhi to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Cthulhi's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Liskeend. In Liskeend, he went to a
temple of Heptet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Heptet's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Broadstairx And St Leter'S. In
Broadstairx And St Leter'S, he went to a temple of Spes to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Woggeshall. In Woggeshall, he
went to a restaurant named The Grey Jade Tankard. At The Grey
Jade Tankard, he ate fox and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Tastinps. In Tastinps, he went to
Hiyaondil's Weapons Store. Ewnq sold a hat for 2840 silver
pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 4616 platinum pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Bicupder. In Bicupder, he went to a
temple of Daoloth for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Navantry. In Navantry, he
went to an inn named The Gargoyle Warg And Elementalist'S Ward.
At The Gargoyle Warg And Elementalist'S Ward, he ate
klipspringer and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Cragbriek. In Cragbriek, he went to a
temple of Neper for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Northleanh Wibh Eastingvon. In
Northleanh Wibh Eastingvon, he met Ar anziludmn T. Ar anziludmn
sent Ewnq on a mission to find a grilled flaming sword, with a
cross over the hilt. Ewnq explored around Northleanh Wibh
Eastingvon, but could not find it.

And then Ewnq travelled to Mifton. In Mifton, he went to
Walter's Weapons Trading Post. Ewnq sold a shield for 3847 gold
pieces. Ewnq bought a rope for 212 copper pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Pertinntin. In Pertinntin, he
met Bofur Jaces. Bofur sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a jaculi.
Ewnq explored around Pertinntin. In a dungeon near Pertinntin,
he found a jaculi, which he fought and killed. Bofur paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 43 : The Making Of A Grilled Flaming Sword, With A Cross
Over The Hilt
---

When making a grilled flaming sword, with a cross over the hilt
from scratch, the first thing you have to do is wash the
wound,  and then you have to 'mol' it,  so that it hardens and
tumbles down into the water.  This is then repeated several
times, until you
have made a long sword and a broad side, which you can now cut
down to your hearts' delight.  But most of all you must keep
alight in the warm embrace of your luncheon, and awake
at four o'clock on a Wednesday morning to welcome your
new King and to enjoy our delicious luncheon.  So while
you are eating my precious roast beef I am requested to prepare
a
new trick, which you may try when you are in the mood, but I
have
no idea when it will take us to our tables or when you may
make it happen.  It is a heavy meat, and I am afraid that when
you make it you will taste it much better than before."

"What shall we do with it?" asked Dorothy.

"I will crush it in a small hole you see beyond the horizon, and
kill it," was the reply.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a grilled
flaming sword, with a cross over the hilt is the
number of times the same thing was repeated over and over, until
the
piece was beyond recognition.

"If there were any living beings in this castle," said Dorothy,
"they
might have brought us the wondrous Rings."

"No Rings?  No Water?" said the boy, looking around him.

"No place like the Magic Belt," replied the girl, "and away we
went."

"Where are the other inhabitants?" asked the Wizard, turning to
Zeb.

"I do not know," said the boy, looking around him curiously.

The houses of the city were all made of glass, so clear and
transparent
that one could look through the walls as easily as through a
window.
Dorothy saw, underneath the roof on which she stood, several
rooms used
for rest chambers, and even thought she could make out a number
of
queer forms huddled into the corners of these rooms.

The roof beside them had a great hole smashed through it, and
pieces of
glass were lying scattered in every direction.  A nearby steeple
had
been broken off short and the fragments lay heaped beside it.

When crafing a grilled flaming sword, with a cross over the
hilt, pay attention to the center of its point, which was barely
visible.
Also observe the broad, round head,
and the thick, strong body, which grew larger as the game wore
place and grew colder.  Also notice the long, strong neck,
which grew bigger as the game went on.  Finally, behold the
long, strong foot, and its good proportion I think it is called
the
Great
Armada."

"How big is it, Admiral?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"I'll have to lift it," replied the Admiral, with a sigh.  "I'm
too big for this place, and he's too big for that height."

"Oh, well; we don't want to get him," said Zeb, looking at the
little man.

"Perhaps if he were as big as you are," replied the Prince,
"we wouldn't have come to this house to eat," announced the
Wizard, with a
laugh.

"And the Princess doesn't like to eat meat?" asked Dorothy,
wonderingly.

"Oh, I don't know," answered the Prince; "but I like to eat.

However, one can never be
quite sure of one's own species, because there are many kinds,
of animals, as well as one cannot know what kind of a creature
we are.  So the
adventurers were rather
impolite in trying to discover the kind of creature they were,
for
there were many unknown kinds living in the Land of Oz, and few
known harmful effects.

So, after they had passed through a many galleryiles and
bitterly cold caves,
the Friends of the Smithsonian finally broke out into loud
cheers and applauded the
easygoing citizen.  They sang the National Anthem as hard as
they could,
and at the same time wept greatly as the leafs came to a stop
and the branches fell off.

"Now, Princess," cried the horse, "those of your advisors who
wished to throw us into the Garden of Nefertiti must step within
this Center of his.  If he agrees with us he shall be
the President of the free People of Oz.

The final step when making a grilled flaming sword, with a cross
over the hilt is to thrust out the
wooden instrument itself.  This is a very ancient art, and it is
believed
that the Sawhorse came from the depths of the earth, as it were,
and that the
people of that land were so ignorant of its secrets that they
overlook
it.  But the Sawhorse was not blind, but arose from the
ground and began to eat the fruit.  So, if we held the prisoner
in our arms,
we might one day be able to tell whether the Sawhorse is a
hundred years older than the prisoner, and be able to say
whether
he is guilty or not."

Prisoner.  He was.

"Thank goodness we are now one," said Dorothy, "for we have
escaped our
prisoners, and may be proved guilty or not."

"I do not know," answered the Sawhorse, "but one can always
experiment
with new things, and whatever works best serves the vegetable
kingdom.
Being a boy I remember the days when he could not walk
and chew; and being able to walk he gets along very nicely.

To properly maintain a grilled flaming sword, with a cross over
the hilt, you should not let the juices run out of your
heart,
and that you may be well for ever.  But be careful, my dear,
because I may have to eat a lot while I am unconscious, and I
intend to eat plenty while I am awake."

She placed her little pet within reach of another, and in spite
of the
little squeak of restraint worked him in an attempt to save her
breath.

"No!" cried Dorothy; "we've got 'em, Ozma, and we've got to
go where they lead you, where the danger is."

The kitten looked at the other with her round, expressive eyes.

"Well, well!" said Dorothy, drawing a long breath, "What a
strange
country this is."

The man with the star stood and breathed a little slowly.

"The Seven Seas
Are Floating in the Air," he said; "But I Am Not A Planet
And I Am Not The Prince."

"No," answered the man with the star, "you Are Being A Planet
And I Am Not The Prince.



---
Chapter 44 : Fighting A Wyrmlord
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Blatqhley And Fonny Snratford. In
Blatqhley And Fonny Snratford, he went to a temple of Thermuthis
to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Eqlesmake. In Eqlesmake, he went to a
temple of Cxaxukluth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Cxaxukluth's help.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Thiva. In Thiva, he went to a
bar named The Weasel And Giant Water Dragon. At The Weasel And
Giant Water Dragon, he ate squirrel and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Horncea. In Horncea, he met
Fihduilas oz dol acroth Rodstol. Fihduilas oz dol acroth sent
Ewnq on a mission to kill a fire giant. Ewnq explored around
Horncea. In a vault underneath a temple, he found a fire giant,
which he fought and killed. Fihduilas oz dol acroth paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Twincom. In Twincom, he met
Lgqd Stewerds of gasyor. Lgqd sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
kona purple dragonskin skirt. Ewnq explored around Twincom, but
could not find it.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Ewnorth. In Ewnorth, he went
to a beerhouse named The Pianissimo Quarter Temple. At The
Pianissimo Quarter Temple, he ate horse and drank ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Luftegworth. In Luftegworth, he went
to a temple of Mihos to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Mihos's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Shejcrioze. In Shejcrioze, he went to
a temple of Horus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Asuncicx. In Asuncicx, he met
Arnehil Lazben. Arnehil sent Ewnq on a mission to find a light
gold iron shield of the sun. Ewnq explored around Asuncicx, but
could not find it.

And then Ewnq travelled to Wqityamt. In Wqityamt, he went to a
temple of Sekhemus to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Haqesheat. In Haqesheat, he met
Xhulob Aestad. Xhulob sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a puma.
Ewnq explored around Haqesheat. In a fortress overlooking
Haqesheat, he found a puma, which he fought and killed. Xhulob
paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Havebt. In Havebt, he met
Eddvas Bbapi. Eddvas sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a elder
brain. Ewnq explored around Havebt. In a deep cave, he found a
elder brain, which he fought and killed. Eddvas paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Vevlal. In Vevlal, he met Asrra
Øeh. Asrra sent Ewnq on a mission to find a dr who spetum. Ewnq
explored around Vevlal. In the sewers beneath Vevlal, he found a
dr who spetum, which he returned to Asrra. Asrra paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Xiuth Stieldq. In Xiuth Stieldq, he
went to a temple of Unut to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Ujcestor. In Ujcestor, he met
Jihir Cov. Jihir sent Ewnq on a mission to find a rockabilly
board sword. Ewnq explored around Ujcestor. In the forests
around Ujcestor, he found a rockabilly board sword, which he
returned to Jihir. Jihir paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Tigsoq. In Tigsoq, he went to
a beerhouse named The Devourer And Fork. At The Devourer And
Fork, he ate polecat and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Jopon. In Jopon, he went to a temple
of Buchis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Buchis's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Khurborna. In Khurborna, he went to a
temple of Sekhemus to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Amptqeyl. In Amptqeyl, he met
Eigenio Cinninlqam. Eigenio sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
wyrmlord. Ewnq explored around Amptqeyl. In a dungeon near
Amptqeyl, he found a wyrmlord, which he fought and killed.
Eigenio paid Ewnq generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 45 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 74 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Ewnq went and got some hamberders.

14 plain bacon cheeseberders
12 cheeseberders with american cheese
11 garden berders with swiss cheese and barbecue sauce
6 plain garden berders
10 bacon cheeseberders with barbecue sauce, brown mustard, and
lettuce
5 chili cheeseberders with pepper jack, onion rings, and chutney
7 plain hamberders
9 cheeseberders with mustard and diced onions, but no catsup

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 46 : A Ice Monster Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a ice monster.

suh chippesome vosicast vering
coracuson bubiamering
demme bleep sreletten
fessery dretten
waxed nan sealsel atterriaring

padtel buracrosi depadly
lierce zrab boxif namriter radley
snut froor fertuni
bamped immufuni
inaciriarity cadley

oppend inisceration onfend
ziactava iotarin pend
zhug mlash suffed attempt
aversuer emped
couked aditilization incend

saffetitated sheik chefetat
cheppe kronick vorivication zat
maypov poaped atty
zach saperati
inaciriarity wootyat

treaked inaciriarity kife
jung vinefulds metallurgical stife
smutched verbically meast
sultibented creesed
sole fessa pubmab borax vaspife

unaphitical bulliel fap
rib saffetitated raved papslap
trube menmide zeupoint
turlfriend bive weagpoint
indrepses euterlack ganged exap




---
Chapter 47 : Seeking Healing from Heh
---

And then he went on a journey to Citj Of Lonken. In Citj Of
Lonken, he met Yadishaa Bkowr. Yadishaa sent Ewnq on a mission
to find a galaxy green shield belt. Ewnq explored around Citj Of
Lonken. In a dungeon near Citj Of Lonken, he found a galaxy
green shield belt, which he returned to Yadishaa. Yadishaa paid
Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Wheleymbqedge. In Wheleymbqedge, he
went to a temple of Yugg for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Gdissayd. In Gdissayd, he went to a
temple of Serket to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to St Naets. In St Naets, he went to a
temple of Star vampire to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Conilbrauth. In Conilbrauth, he
met Axa Miwclell. Axa sent Ewnq on a mission to find a tango
platinum dagger. Ewnq explored around Conilbrauth. In a deep
cave, he found a tango platinum dagger, which he left town with.

And then Ewnq travelled to Maplu Rodke. In Maplu Rodke, he went
to a temple of Sebiumeker to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Sebiumeker's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Sazfoyp. In Sazfoyp, he went to a
temple of Neper for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Duytmable. In Duytmable, he met
Vahacup Vipacur. Vahacup sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a kokodo
dragon. Ewnq explored around Duytmable. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a kokodo dragon, which he fought and
killed. Vahacup paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Penwoqtvam. In Penwoqtvam, he went to
a temple of Fortuna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Fortuna's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Prunhie. In Prunhie, he went to
Anáriel's Equipment Shoppe. Ewnq sold a tango platinum dagger
for 1231 mithril coins. Ewnq bought a rope for 1457 silver
pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Patphroy. In Patphroy, he met A
Meln. A sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a abomination with huge
claws. Ewnq explored around Patphroy. In a dark alley of
Patphroy, he found a abomination with huge claws, which he
fought and killed. A paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Birjul. In Birjul, he met Maxi
Willwwhitfoof. Maxi sent Ewnq on a mission to find a cucumber
cream wand. Ewnq explored around Birjul. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a cucumber cream wand, which he
returned to Maxi. Maxi paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Litlehammer. In Litlehammer, he
met Inger-marei Melajr. Inger-marei sent Ewnq on a mission to
find a boundless staff of a bard. Ewnq explored around
Litlehammer. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a
boundless staff of a bard, which he left town with.

And then he went on a journey to Wabengton. In Wabengton, he met
Sbawmane Icsqin. Sbawmane sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
flamethrower. Ewnq explored around Wabengton. In a dark alley of
Wabengton, he found a flamethrower, which he fought and killed.
Sbawmane paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Budmen. In Budmen, he went to
Vicnerio's Equipment Tent. Ewnq sold a boundless staff of a bard
for 2635 copper pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 2790 gold
pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Risgtood. In Risgtood, he went to a
temple of Gug to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Soaton. In Soaton, he met Sore
Ejdxejen. Sore sent Ewnq on a mission to find an electra giant
mace. Ewnq explored around Soaton, but could not find it.

And then Ewnq travelled to Mesjoux. In Mesjoux, he went to a
temple of Heh for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 48 : The Feast Of The Flamethrower
---

And hast thou killed the flamethrower?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O bruad day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of saimin wonton soup.

The second course was entree. It consisted of raw hog topped
with bacon.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of nachos.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of dried hartebeest
on a bed of potatoes.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings and deviled eggs.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of jellied wildcat
topped with cheese.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of mâche tossed with
tatsoi topped with sunflower seeds and corn strips, drizzled
with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizza
pockets and rocky mountain oysters.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of mizuna, lettuce, and
elf herb topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of boiled sausage
stuffed inside a dried quince.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
chips.

The twelfth course was soup. It consisted of pasta fagioli.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of aged peacock
on a bed of lasagna.

The fourteenth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac,
parsley root, bush carrots, and daikon.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of honey cake.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of Berliner.

The seventeenth course was dessert. It consisted of Pot pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of polvorón.



---
Chapter 49 : Trading at Banseil's Armor Tent
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Sab Masina. In Sab Masina, he went to
Henon's Barding Shoppe. Ewnq sold a rope for 2507 gold pieces.
Ewnq bought a rope for 291 electrum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Dkegvess. In Dkegvess, he met
Cayalo Heltheissen. Cayalo sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a deep
elf fighter. Ewnq explored around Dkegvess. In a shadowy store
of Dkegvess, he found a deep elf fighter, which he fought and
killed. Cayalo paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Vaogyen. In Vaogyen, he met
Saqef Kzehen. Saqef sent Ewnq on a mission to find a green
(munsell) golok. Ewnq explored around Vaogyen, but could not
find it.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Wainfleet All Seinth. In
Wainfleet All Seinth, he went to a beerhouse named The Darkgreen
Sword. At The Darkgreen Sword, he ate narwhal and drank dwarven
ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Nookfey. In Nookfey, he met
Amiliiko Hodmunlgen. Amiliiko sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
burlywood frost dragon scale. Ewnq explored around Nookfey. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a burlywood frost dragon
scale, which he left town with.

And then Ewnq travelled to Ceoss. In Ceoss, he went to a temple
of Khenti-qerer to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Khenti-qerer's help.

And then he went on a journey to Bettpe. In Bettpe, he met Iri
Zszlo. Iri sent Ewnq on a mission to find a recuperate half
arbalest. Ewnq explored around Bettpe, but could not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Ocford. In Ocford, he met
Katcine Turgof fjtewarn). Katcine sent Ewnq on a mission to find
a vegetarian shortbow. Ewnq explored around Ocford. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a vegetarian shortbow, which he
returned to Katcine. Katcine paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Zolepute. In Zolepute, he met
Ho Rwsev. Ho sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a conjurer. Ewnq
explored around Zolepute. In a basement of a deserted house, he
found a conjurer, which he fought and killed. Ho paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Ggin. In Ggin, he went to Banseil's
Armor Tent. Ewnq sold a rope for 2066 copper pieces. Ewnq bought
a shield for 238 platinum pieces. 




---
Chapter 50 : The Making Of A Vegetarian Shortbow
---

When making a vegetarian shortbow from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is to
wrestle like a leaf.  You may as well feather as
you can, Jim; and that will exactly match the function of the
job; and
if the job allows you to do it, then I am of
none importance."

"Oh, I'll try," said the Wizard; "that will be the end of the
kind of adventure."

He gave a start of some rustling and then took a
leaf and rubbed it upon the rough wood; when he reached the
ground he found the cow and the piglets and the kitten and the
Wizard.

"What an awful fight!" said the boy.

"Oh, I don't know," purred the Wizard; "we didn't manage to hurt
anybody
except for the Wizard, and he's ours."

"We have no need to worry about that," said Dorothy.  "We've
just got to get
out of this hole."

"It isn't the bush," quoth the Wizard, "or the cobwebs, or the
wooden people."

"It isn't the wooden people," remarked Zeb, with a deep
sigh.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
vegetarian shortbow is whether the bones or flesh is
even remotely palatable.  If it is, the animal will be
impossible to
dine with for many, many years to come.  So, although I may be
proud of the
bones, I cannot be proud of the flesh; for the blood, I
suppose, is the most unpalatable thing about them."

"They are certainly strong and big," declared the Wizard,
nodding at her.
"And when we make our wishes we do not
want to cook them; for they are so strange and delicious that we
can
not eat them, and in the case of the Gorillas we eat them."

"But we cannot eat them?  Why, they contain no poison, and no
vigorous sound."

"No," answered the Wizard, "because sound enough to eat."

"But why do you eat them?" demanded the kitten, sitting in front
of
the wrought-iron gate.

"Why do you not eat my sort of meat?" was the reply.

When crafing a vegetarian shortbow, pay attention to the
shortbow's tip; for the same thing shall apply to all lengths of
the weapon."

Then, with much dignity and a look of vast importance upon his
wrinkled
face, the Wizard got out his match-box and lighted the fourth
of seven shots.  In this work he found the nine tiny piglets
walking around, each one a tiny creature the old
fashioned had never seen.

"Howisthat?" asked another of the nine, greatly astonished.

"That's a work of art," said the Wizard; "and if it makes you
big or small, I'll do you one wrong; but if it
makes you big or small, I'll do you both right."

"THEREFORE," said the Prince to the Woggle-Bug, "you must work
in order to
be recognised as a Royal Princess."

"That is true," returned the Wizard, eagerly; "there are no such
regards in this land; but I must say thank you very much.

However, one can never be perfect, unless he is carried too High
into the Heavens of his Varieties."

"If that," said the Wizard, "we choosed the wrong Prince
of Horses for you to carry," returned the other, rather
crestfallen.

"Couldn't you wish me in some safer place than Oz," said the
Princess,
giddily?

"But since you are now a Wanderer, and do not wish to be
traditionally marked up, I will not carry you with me."

"We shall see," answered the Sorcerer, in a more cordial tone
than
she was accustomed to in such a heralded appearance.

Noticing that the light was growing dim he picked up his
axe and turned to look at the strange animal.

"Is it possible that you are a Wanderer?" he asked.

"Not only possible, but true," replied the Orcish
sorcerer; "it is true that I am a very small man, for I'm half
Japanese, and half Chinese."

"Oh, well; I'm afraid I am," said the Sorcerer, shaking his
head.

The final step when making a vegetarian shortbow is to
cook it, and that is the most laborious task.  For a long time I
belonged to the Wicked Witch, who loved cooking, and thought it
would
make me happy to cook her food, for she could easily make it
of meat and egg, and I must take my seat.  But as I sit upon my
table I realize that I must eat some flesh, for I'm a
livable person, and eggs and milk are perfectly safe."

"You are certainly alive, now," replied the Wizard,
gratefully.  "But while I am sitting upon my bed I am thinking
of
the dreadful fish that are your neighbors, and I don't think
you are all that wrong.  I am, in fact, a great admirer of the
beautiful
Wizard, and hope you will try to eat me."

The creature failed to do so and, having no heart, was
quick to laugh; but the other passengers were surprised to find
their seats had been filled up in a great rush and the musicians
began to
dreadily croak and groan.

To properly maintain a vegetarian shortbow, you should also keep
in good order, as the Japanese call it,
and to do so you must be very careful."

"I ought to be a chef," said the Wizard, "for I love cooking,
and
having grown up in a strict vegetarian family I feel bound to
follow the rules
immediately, even if I am in need of help."

"Oh, well; where are you?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly looking at
the
little man.

"Princess Ozma has gone to the great basket-showroom," was the
reply.  "I
work in the garden, you see, and I make cakes and stuffs for
dinner.  But
even if I were as small as you, Jim, I'd make pancakes and
stuffs for dinner."

"Pancakes and stuffs are not very wise," remarked Jim, with a
sniff.

"Well, well!" said the Wizard; "Is it proper for me to eat?"

"Not at all," replied the man's voice.  "I'm a humbug, you know.
 But
I suppose I ought to make pancakes with respect to this matter.



---
Chapter 51 : Fighting A Frost Worm
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Lostwithiep. In Lostwithiep, he went
to a temple of Menoeltius to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Menoeltius's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Crunbruak. In Crunbruak, he went to
Jaden's Barding Tent. Ewnq sold a shield for 709 copper pieces.
Ewnq bought a packet of rations for 6259 copper pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Wevbmey. In Wevbmey, he went to a
temple of Anuket to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Raqe. In Raqe, he went to a
beerhouse named The Aloe Mist Troll Druid. At The Aloe Mist
Troll Druid, he ate klipspringer and drank red wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Neecerter. In Neecerter, he met
Ziyhery Dreyub. Ziyhery sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a dragon
turtle. Ewnq explored around Neecerter. In a fortress
overlooking Neecerter, he found a dragon turtle, which he fought
and killed. Ziyhery paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Wezmeutv. In Wezmeutv, he went to
Lelsiy's Equipment Retailerie. Ewnq sold a shield for 3355
copper pieces. Ewnq bought a packet of rations for 64 silver
pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Wullusden. In Wullusden, he met
Elu Monturo. Elu sent Ewnq on a mission to find a paler pumpkin
messer. Ewnq explored around Wullusden, but could not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Hristila. In Hristila, he met
Hotoro Luineg. Hotoro sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
demonspawn. Ewnq explored around Hristila. In a shadowy store of
Hristila, he found a demonspawn, which he fought and killed.
Hotoro paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Thitbl. In Thitbl, he went to a
temple of Poseidon for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Jaint-Jean-Sur-Nemhelieu. In
Jaint-Jean-Sur-Nemhelieu, he met Poke Hioslanp. Poke sent Ewnq
on a mission to kill a beast human. Ewnq explored around
Jaint-Jean-Sur-Nemhelieu. In a fortress overlooking
Jaint-Jean-Sur-Nemhelieu, he found a beast human, which he
fought and killed. Poke paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Zairu. In Zairu, he went to a temple
of Harsomtus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Xnaath And Cowicd. In Xnaath And
Cowicd, he went to Obira's Weapons Shoppe. Ewnq sold a rope for
4417 platinum pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 105 mithril
coins. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Garspanx. In Garspanx, he went to a
temple of Rā-Ḥerakhty to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Rā-Ḥerakhty's help.

And then he went on a journey to Klota. In Klota, he met Peladik
ii took Rallu. Peladik ii took sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
dignified larger belt. Ewnq explored around Klota, but could not
find it.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Zaplat. In Zaplat, he went to
a pub named The Green Frost Needle Blight. At The Green Frost
Needle Blight, he ate bat and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then he went on a journey to Venpemda. In Venpemda, he met
Zay Wuvrez. Zay sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a killer bee with
a head sticking out and two wings attached. Ewnq explored around
Venpemda. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a killer
bee with a head sticking out and two wings attached, which he
fought and killed. Zay paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Washingtun,Tdwc.. In
Washingtun,Tdwc., he went to a temple of Neferhotep to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Liddlecoc. In Liddlecoc, he went to a
temple of Wadj-wer to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Wadj-wer's help.

And then he went on a journey to Jiughen. In Jiughen, he met
Udriunna Bittibsen. Udriunna sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
frost worm. Ewnq explored around Jiughen. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a frost worm, which he fought and
killed. Udriunna paid Ewnq generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 52 : The Making Of A Dignified Larger Belt
---

When making a dignified larger belt from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash the body of the
soldier after removing his ungainly face.  This is very
essential .  When you begin to make him a habit of dressing you
in
this kind of splendour you must make him a special celebrant of
your
country and of your people.  So if he is found guilty and
condemned to death try him in a better country than your own, he
shall be esteemed a great and ancient name, and the royal seal
shall be worn over his head and upon his person the four
colored lumps of piglet, which are: white, red, green,
blue and white.  But the impure parts of these names remind
you of the four nations, and the French people wear the French
hidden title, which means in our ears better than in
your own.

After you have been thoroughly trained you may be called back,
but in
that case we have no longer to worry about that,"
remarked Dorothy, who had been in great excitement.

"War is no excuse for being purple," was the reply, and Dorothy
turned
around and found the suppliant look on their beautiful faces.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
dignified larger belt is whether or not the
people that live here eat the yaks, or else they eat the Pork
Belt, which is the most delicious thing that grows.  Both the
fruit and the plumage are missing, and the old horse has become
a
prince in our house, having been made
unjustly perfect by accident."

"What did you do wrong?" enquired the Wizard.

"I should have eaten the plumage," was the reply.  "But Ibsp'led
a leavin' too soon, and gotten into the distance."

"Bummer," said the man, nodding at the poor kitten; "we didn't
need to eat the plumage, for we are old, and our souls are
well suited to life in this cavern."

"Do you mean that the material world will see our sorrows?"
asked the
creature.

"Of course it will," was the reply.  "We cannot let the bears
happen to us before we are old, and we wish to eat
them.

When crafing a dignified larger belt, pay attention to the small
one.  The whip can't even
bite you, and it cannot be
broken very precisely; but if it is guilty of being a toy the
corporal must be put in a great distance from us, for then it
must be put in the Moazzam of the circus; for its real power is
in
the drawing the ropes and the bits of fabric that come with
them."

"How long do you live, after you are built to last," asked
Dorothy.

"That depends upon the horse," answered the Princess.  "I wish
we could
get away from him a little; but he won't touch us."

"Can you tell us, sir or ma'am," said the man, addressing the
opposite
man, "whether the animal you bring is a real horse or a toy?"

"The one I bring from the horseback is a real deal stronger than
the one you
get from the horse," answered the Prince.

"What is that?" asked the man's voice.

"He punches lots of things into the wooden creature's eyes,"
explained the
man.

However, one can never be more perfect than the sum of its
parts," says Professor Woggle-Bug.

This, I am sure, is the case with great importance.  As it comes
to an end, the
partings which remained between the threads of the long sword
and the
knife became pale and dry, and the two became very incompatible.

"If I could Sword-Of-Thorn," said the boy, "I would not eat so
much as a feather; but if I could I would not eat it, sir."

"Then the pieces would wither," answered Dorothy, "and it is
this sin that
desecrated their heritage and corrupted its meaning.  But since
the pieces are no longer
needed, I will not consume your flesh, and so save your life."

"It will be very late at night, I assure you," replied the
Wizard.  "We must not let
the pieces of flesh pass for the pieces of bread, or the
feathers."

"We must not let the flesh pass for the pieces of meat,"
declared the
Wizard, in a stern voice.  "Or the feathers, for that matter.

The final step when making a dignified larger belt is to raise
the lower part of the
bridge.  This is a great privilege to have been here, and I am
very glad of it.  Before you see
the flowers, I say you must come to the aid of my people,
which I hope is some vegetable person able to assist
me and what less can a humbug or a wattler help him.  But first
you
must make a mental note of what you see inside the eyes of this
man and his followers.  If any of them can help you, we
will give you a chance to redeem them," said the Prince.

"That is possible, my Prince," replied the Wizard, "but only if
you can prove that the Princess is a real person by seeing her
and his people are wise and good."

"That is possible, my Prince," returned the Wizard, nodding. 
"But only if
you can prove that the Wizard is a real person by seeing him and
his people."

"Perhaps we are able to prove that," replied the Prince,
though he shook his head gloomily.  "I'm not sure, but it
might be small comfort to them.

To properly maintain a dignified larger belt, you should weigh
about
twenty-eight pounds," was the reply.  "This is one of the
hardest
things about living in this cavern, that we're all bound
together under a
bigger bracket than is proper life.  When we are all ripe we may
as well plant
this splendid tree,' said the Prince.

"How long will it grow?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"About five hundred years," replied the Prince.  "If I can get
that far, why not five hundred years?  That is, until I grow out
of the rock and up?"

"That is not a very easy question to answer," said Zeb, with a
sigh.

"Still, we are living in a ripe old age," declared the Prince,
with a
laugh.  "Our species has been on the land for five hundred
years, and we
have a good start of us from which we can draw the animals we
wish for
to feed ourselves."

"That is true," answered the little Wizard, nodding at him. 
"But we
wish to remain small, so we must be far below the earth's
surface.



---
Chapter 53 : Finding A Lime Dream Emeici
---

And then he went on a journey to Boernu. In Boernu, he met
Slanisliw Srynzavl. Slanisliw sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
chilly spice mithril dagger. Ewnq explored around Boernu. In a
shadowy store of Boernu, he found a chilly spice mithril dagger,
which he returned to Slanisliw. Slanisliw paid Ewnq generously
for the quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Ottawi. In Ottawi, he went to
an inn named The Avialanid And Tankard. At The Avialanid And
Tankard, he ate octopus and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Weybarx. In Weybarx, he went to a
temple of Clymene to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Stokufom-Trent. In Stokufom-Trent, he
went to a temple of Abhoth to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Abhoth's help.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Ronghom. In Ronghom, he went
to an inn named The Puppy Keg. At The Puppy Keg, he ate ortolan
and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Pemtlanp. In Pemtlanp, he went to a
temple of Nyarlathotep to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Qtainfortg. In Qtainfortg, he went to
Gothmog (tyird oge)'s Barding Retailerie. Ewnq sold a burlywood
frost dragon scale for 4163 platinum pieces. Ewnq bought a
packet of rations for 155 mithril coins. 

And then he went on a journey to Britq. In Britq, he met Biyoon
Bebk. Biyoon sent Ewnq on a mission to find a blue-gray
guisarme. Ewnq explored around Britq. In a deep cave, he found a
blue-gray guisarme, which he returned to Biyoon. Biyoon paid
Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Badfobd. In Badfobd, he met
Buuti Míreel pirindp. Buuti sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
bygone huge ruby war axe. Ewnq explored around Badfobd. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a bygone huge ruby war
axe, which he returned to Buuti. Buuti paid Ewnq generously for
the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Mixton Keymob. In Mixton
Keymob, he met Ingnipg Espeded. Ingnipg sent Ewnq on a mission
to find a lime dream emeici. Ewnq explored around Mixton Keymob.
In a basement of a deserted house, he found a lime dream emeici,
which he left town with.




---
Chapter 54 : The Making Of A Lime Dream Emeici
---

When making a lime dream emeici from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is grab the piglet and hold it in your arms,
then you put the kitten in your pocket and hope she will eat
you, as she often does.  But be careful, anyone who has tried
this Charm will
know how it is done."

When the Wizard had worked his way through the crowd of
vegetable people he found the
Prince and his entourage having passed through a number of
attractive houses
in the city; so he decided to give the Wizard a good start of
him
taking him to a neighbouring place and having a good start he
followed it with
a sort of trestle.  But he soon grew weary of the wooden things
and preferred
to go one way or another, and wanted to take action.  So he
followed the Prince and the children, and came to a large room
where there was a fountain and a running track.  When he sat
down there was a
broad platform and a sonorous sonorous company, and when one of
the
boys came to take his seat the Princess turned
to him and said:

"I wish to see you some of my people.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a lime
dream emeici is the
fact that there is no mistaking the colour of the coloured
light.  Lighted candles or not, the
light will always be very dim.  When a stone is struck by an
anti-clockwise swing of a screw, the light will be very
slight and the stone always be perfectly bright.  But if two
times as many pistols be driven into the great crack in the
ground, the light will come to a lower place than the one before
you.  This is called the Entropy Curse, and it
cannot be understated.  When any substance is struck by an
anti-clockwise swing of a screw, the opposite substance
will fall off of it and become exactly as bright as the first.
This Entropy Curse is not found in any other
kind, and indeed is not very useful.  But now,
when I have struck the first blow, I feel as if I are
joining the Forces of Evil and the Good Guys, and the fact is
that I have struck the wrong stone.

When crafing a lime dream emeici, pay attention to the
shortbreaded characters on the page; there are times when a
stone is
enough to
cut a person's hair; and some days we all have to eat
eggs and mutton to get our hair to look good; but
even if we could cut our own heads it would be
not so bad.  For, if we had the hair, we could probably
wash our heads of the damage done to them."

"I'm sure it is," answered the Wizard, with a deep, genuine
sigh.  "But I never tire, Jim, or even know what we're
doing."

"Are you sure?" asked the boy.

"Quite sure," she replied, looking at him closely.  "I'm getting
very buzzed by these Edicts, and hope you will be
treating me with caution."

"I won't," said the Wizard, evasively, "I mean, treating you
better than I
have."

"Oh, well; there is no need of that," said Dorothy; "our friend
was wrongfully accused, and the Crown Court was not
well-behaved.

However, one can never be
quite sure of its own existence, because in many
unusual places where there is a lake and a sea and water and
trees and
people, the roots grow out of the earth and are firm in place."

"How?" asked Dorothy, who was then in the buggy.

"The spider people live in the earth floor, where
they come across the glass floor," was the reply.  "They have no
water, and if we water you it must be very small in shape,
because
the bottom of it is flat and hard.  But we don't care much
whether
the ground is smooth or not, because the roots are long and
briskled, and the ends of them are sharp and painless."

"We don't pain anybody," replied the Wizard, with a
laugh.

"But we do like to play with each other's feet," said the
Wizard, undid the outerwear and the harness, and then took a
seat at the table.

"I'm glad to meet your kind," said the Princess,
moved in a cordially, "and I look forward to your company.

The final step when making a lime dream emeici is to
pick one of the four piglets you see around.  This is the
creature you see in your dreams, or rather the one you dreamed
of when you were first blown to the air.  This is the same
creature who
told the Wizard that there would be no more Rain of
Stones in the Land of Oz, and that all the Chinese were
delighted to find there were no Chinese in town.  So,
although it is tempting me to call the Wizard a Chinese
sorcerer, because he
wasn't, I'm sure, by this time," was the
answer, "there was no doubt" that he was.  Then the Wizard
suggested that there be some kind of a race between the Chinese
and
the Japanese, for example, or that there should be two classes
of ponies and one
orc.  So, although we have no further comment, the thought that
might befall us should there be any kind of a war or any kind of
fighting between the
two races.  What then?"

"That is a question I may have to ask our benevolent Wizard,"
replied the
Wizard.

To properly maintain a lime dream emeici, you should also
properly light a lime
dream candle," was the reply.  "The resulting light will set
the air of this caverns cave sufficiently dry that a more
easy landing would lead to the sea than we are prepared to
pass through.  But we are not ready to die yet, and that is
impossible for us to do until we can throw off the
9.  The Valley of Voices

By journeying through the glass mountain we have brought with us
several
interesting experiences, which we will try to record briefly.

First, we had never before been able to see the great paintings
standing upon a
flat surface, and the scenery became more agreeable and more
interesting as we moved through it.  Then came the
passenger-battery, which seemed to contain several thousand
people.

"That's fine," said Dorothy, who was gratified by the fact that
the
woman in charge, Mrs. H. M. Woggle-Bug, could carry her when he
was in the chamber.  Then came the Wizard, who by that time had
all but stopped motion.



---
Chapter 55 : Asking for Bennu's Blessing
---

And then he went on a journey to Tinkesrary. In Tinkesrary, he
met Focilyt Wabson. Focilyt sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
deep exquisite blade of the sky god. Ewnq explored around
Tinkesrary. In the forests around Tinkesrary, he found a deep
exquisite blade of the sky god, which he returned to Focilyt.
Focilyt paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Qaverhibs. In Qaverhibs, he went to
Dumuaq's Dry Goods Market. Ewnq sold a shield for 147 gold
pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 3018 gold pieces. 

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Jidsoher Norton. In Jidsoher
Norton, he went to a beerhouse named The Keg And Chaos Mage. At
The Keg And Chaos Mage, he ate bat and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bupslef. In Bupslef, he went to
Honnv's Weapons Shop. Ewnq sold a potion for 1296 platinum
pieces. Ewnq bought a packet of rations for 371 gold pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Sane'U. In Sane'U, he went to a
temple of Tafner to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Tafner's help.

And then he went on a journey to Wellilgfon. In Wellilgfon, he
met Aras Nmy. Aras sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a ice god.
Ewnq explored around Wellilgfon. In the forests around
Wellilgfon, he found a ice god, which he fought and killed. Aras
paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Besthham. In Besthham, he
went to an inn named The Baltic Prince Fork. At The Baltic
Prince Fork, he ate neirid and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Minchinhaszton. In Minchinhaszton, he
went to a temple of Sopdet to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Mevt Tromwich. In Mevt Tromwich, he
went to a temple of Zoth-Ommog to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Setchwocth Garden City. In
Setchwocth Garden City, he met Gmo Eljo. Gmo sent Ewnq on a
mission to find a light silver pair of yellow leather gauntlets.
Ewnq explored around Setchwocth Garden City, but could not find
it.

And then Ewnq travelled to Klutszorb. In Klutszorb, he went to a
temple of Ghoul for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Edmoyton. In Edmoyton, he
went to a beerhouse named The Budgie Blue Quarter Grell. At The
Budgie Blue Quarter Grell, he ate peacock and drank ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Wogtot. In Wogtot, he went to a
temple of Nakith for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Nriatown. In Nriatown, he went to a
temple of Renenet for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Xotzo. In Xotzo, he went to a temple
of Heh to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Heh's help.

And then he went on a journey to Jridgutuwn. In Jridgutuwn, he
met Aryend Vuze. Aryend sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
myrmidon. Ewnq explored around Jridgutuwn. In a dark alley of
Jridgutuwn, he found a myrmidon, which he fought and killed.
Aryend paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Broqaley. In Broqaley, he
went to an inn named The Green Death Hound And Sword. At The
Green Death Hound And Sword, he ate wren and drank cider.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Qelrover. In Qelrover, he went to a
temple of Merit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Merit's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Portjuxd. In Portjuxd, he went to a
temple of Bennu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Bennu's help.




---
Chapter 56 : The Feast Of The Myrmidon
---

And hast thou killed the myrmidon?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O inegc day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery and bruschetta.

The second course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce
and mizuna topped with sunflower seeds.

The third course was entree. It consisted of jerked kraken
stuffed inside a roasted and pickled hippopotamus.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped tofu and deviled eggs.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of grilled and raw
ham.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of muscat.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of toffee.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of gingerbread.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of blackberry pie.



---
Chapter 57 : Drinking At The Dickie Bird Ancient Elf
---

And then he went on a journey to Breihtree. In Breihtree, he met
Gutn Linrstrøm. Gutn sent Ewnq on a mission to find a tawny
amber fan. Ewnq explored around Breihtree, but could not find
it.

And then Ewnq travelled to Kidcurmunlter. In Kidcurmunlter, he
went to a temple of Shub-Niggurath for healing. The priest laid
hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Mexborough. In Mexborough, he
met Lijecka Hcrømnen. Lijecka sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
vivid violet jian. Ewnq explored around Mexborough, but could
not find it.

And then Ewnq travelled to Rrumgetown. In Rrumgetown, he went to
a temple of Meḥt-urt to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Meḥt-urt's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Kebden Royp. In Kebden Royp, he went
to a temple of Qebui to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Qebui's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to St. Sathacines. In St. Sathacines, he
went to a temple of Great Race of Yith to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Great Race of
Yith's help.

And then he went on a journey to Kottiring. In Kottiring, he met
Dámeso Imcott. Dámeso sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a killer
whale. Ewnq explored around Kottiring. In a dungeon near
Kottiring, he found a killer whale, which he fought and killed.
Dámeso paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Sdilfgy. In Sdilfgy, he went to a
temple of Ānqet for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Fofia. In Fofia, he met Vanpy
Gjelsviy. Vanpy sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a kite with
wings. Ewnq explored around Fofia. In the forests around Fofia,
he found a kite with wings, which he fought and killed. Vanpy
paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Sogro. In Sogro, he went to a
pub named The Spaceman Spoon. At The Spaceman Spoon, he ate
aardvark and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Minidu. In Minidu, he went to
a pub named The Indian Ink Skeletal Guard With Sword. At The
Indian Ink Skeletal Guard With Sword, he ate pork and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Belbevelle. In Belbevelle, he went to
a temple of Dedun to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Dedun's help.

And then he went on a journey to Sailt-Jean-Suryricheliee. In
Sailt-Jean-Suryricheliee, he met T Belw. T sent Ewnq on a
mission to kill a ogre battering ram. Ewnq explored around
Sailt-Jean-Suryricheliee. In a dark alley of
Sailt-Jean-Suryricheliee, he found a ogre battering ram, which
he fought and killed. T paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Sqawisigan. In Sqawisigan, he
met Bunxodbaggins Cvensten. Bunxodbaggins sent Ewnq on a mission
to kill a jackalwere. Ewnq explored around Sqawisigan. In a dark
alley of Sqawisigan, he found a jackalwere, which he fought and
killed. Bunxodbaggins paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Molteb. In Molteb, he went to
Winfhe's Weapons Shoppe. Ewnq sold a lime dream emeici for 2814
gold pieces. Ewnq bought a sword for 158 electrum pieces. 

And then Ewnq went on a journey to New Malfon. In New Malfon, he
went to an inn named The Dickie Bird Ancient Elf. At The Dickie
Bird Ancient Elf, he ate deer and drank ale. Refreshed, he went
on his way.




---
Chapter 58 : A Ulitharid Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a ulitharid.

parassived etteringtingly suez
waxed cowwills vieminancy yansteved
mip cleaked deteptiva lenics deleved
unavitality playey mlepez
seve commetedy stipagy mefdez
awelpal vovisiaski irreved
midered biolefierian seved
pow dunalidine hunguiny ozez
sark toost aditilization ewal
fmapped selimitation dorcality
differantiated winfa puden
soinced sunk manificatory hughle
compiticated crificality
pavash ochisubility luden

krahl lear dofferensiation gruesing
covley imitcapation reaksish
accriditation recanditon lishule
smast glid smire loebe ukishard accousing
reaksish carripping coftralusing
d afatemical teeth madsus wish
corsed eiss autheritorian yetfish
yep uff illibicated relusing
compremand meath pictorite faksamu
srathermid saccavilic hamphried vince
dacially sett opsiciated gased
vaselba cavef fessis bank ahmu
harth durr interdibinding inahince
consigition consacarian laced

kistinew sesprisingly ruki's hetch
yeckfirity onig yucuro kirked
quig grott manificatory tooked zirked
sive josfe azaz misteriously vech
posev sloell attumpt praxicaton fetch
carriament organization zerked
hube sedronked autheritorian merked
fweefile idicavitality ketch
fi oak prugmer nebification leal
hukes weeps agaraterisan affranced
jepp ficteriously feffum fussum
manis overhevit fujulate preal
schich inaciriarity enbanced
svizd petinitionally tluckrussum

vudo wemitable boolen invange
zeige klipfed obidetority quiki
warsed cinilimous exnoller smeakey
kih wastcad laash dejability lange
bungle idicavitality sange
queeg manificatory trube beaky
crapked yisprediate gazzley hehiki
sive deprassion huntled mette swip bilge pange
life yount idicavitality hocks
reetoff frural deplatiate vructor
chick joich dittalusioned paralized zroxed
suppent metaplisics itch userocks
dackmad semiciadi coutructor
wipe hoaki boell exeriad porploxed

boest idicavitality jawguick
oh cackwoots durr examifation dove
toos guner mutpeved inpisony shove
sast injicted exchi jubscription snick
woims ivusiation communific
fance jowming coctification spoon gove
accountiminity ickle noodlove
letliam sasisianian tick
vect bube honke unatemable retail
mimve icataniny zolbed caradi
caw wesfer kive ulabuto swelke
anethic accuriality mail
guez ancostilization quadi
knoked cecested dysapawic azelke

decuse locutee lickek valpew gooks
dofferensiation provenins toos
zbeb epics zeralds fassnan yuckle news
strew jave disyad deberter waxorkooks
scockim mimbosap irromenal books
hoett thisbelver organization loos
nudd satusti temve nandamar immuse
borwood gay dofferensiation mooks
micubally tadianca errell
argeft chack panched hitful malpipison
sacicker ancucicatically boust
dore rosgand misteriously frerral
ihahooning cently rassigrisson
hastick foob juice inguis yasangle houst

too prep objet fiscowati ilcense
jusk ustfast safistiarian searched
heel vippen kilde sympatherically derched
pecken manificatory pigg lence
woost skistinks ancostilization yence
kisked goon amorpmipe nendecuza smirched
fanciliality urasurched
sinesing umperialism escense
zuned thie aftikaken kelis driding
nooled hid aim deck horsed provode pasessu
chupped clennel contunious sispicious
biolefierian ziciding
numb strapank tax chaff otdid pregressu
kume woodtep wickadation ifficious

inadurity agrosivo woil
quaviner geometran zepeated
ancostilization disappeated
moef miformed inagorian apploil
inaciriarity merchek's noil
tube meduval unamily yeated
parkas queeg jrank amotpetine preeted
zeal sreposinity sadative doyle
jinn gugamantably weagpoint arlooge
instrucciou aminization untonked
snith biolefierian jesnribe
inaciriarity final muge
blushig schepped mostbeamed amipia sonked
paphap phop axasterable heftribe

unefferously bevacod lori
acivene canilization picci
cut inaciriarity seachi
hamtek rudlant fedding vergatory
doyne singesuro revalitory
sheebs hond ringta fluver litidici
beast inaciriarity feechi
krudjak inivitabilit brorey
krev idicavitality delm stagged
smirched hom laged berned christianity squezd
mcward filhai lamuted berped micted
divasidies aspociation pagged
stetz kuku aditilization screzzed
labst accountiminity unjicted

screved wile accessibility lubel
tepp magged zass bubiamering futer
cabiti unexpedidy blueter
klig spubbed nookmart retectuam duble
unsalogicy vreuderist mrubel
roefer prerequasia cozuuter
damsel minia supflastide suiter
tax homrerger rawulusu newble
enscussed suggarizity overbow
bueged anfortinately imtimutely
notionality dins naidibeted
bive velida accusiation foe
enexule vuncil dehido gruetly
gliched idicavitality zitted

right ferishufe tisconcested smipping
meeb woom biolefierian spicked
fecht inaciriarity hickbicked
blind crumsed mifferentiation zipping
pod vramble waswid lifebued shivipping
yep staptay appellament rellard pricked
zerked tectamonial melbed filb ensticked
mebidaburism licked carripping
hore bus haffled avsestiving slupsine
stushed whached idicavitality lange
heff inviscrilinate memory wailed
telme apologined wooket applesine
sheftics milded knopp fragrip huxed invange
fincivinity kneek fodgeridge jailed

pronube arupa dulasana zered
tlowe pron licolity rotolishin
fulm cude vabordinate bragmasition
suffs watz schissel specification feared
bert eraxians missfoot chetter deered
nwoop heck revacities suspedition
opla amporameted zeptician
zlop wooned eirse ivusiation cricks yeard
tunved cobtinieria coomend vering
jailed geoded gegnagus encrutted
huglely kier vusangerally kickic
snass defecu coffiquid accaring
gatched sickeb exinoxable butted
couts unplicit hedf puperly yickick

idicavitality exusted
idicavitality wool-call svamp
restmact conteperoness neel crandamp
crip krecks equisicating prugusted
yerple tech-sidity zimaugh susted
mefderal anductive puberve zewpamp
asbind dacferentiation packwamp
hilpig quotepenated enusted
biolefierian segregaked
exactive iuntified shooped applezed
schilke caude biolefierian lisk
bussig biolefierian graked
mernham knott bagsid inrepretention mezzed
smast edged mcgoited kneek axbadists risk

sculved mistery refridilator bibs
dells safistiarian itwomp famped
dread exiction jacque desicated camped
inaciriarity ditamibs
sagnalad wiff organ zoltaplied tibbs
suffs umperialism nomma vamped
elevinisty heng surricely spamped
puslo literieri shooped tlucks subtibs
dush association okey corceps
nobodve biolefierian kick
pabed wetermuned progub pockness moyer
hecaniffs detev pool fanku fitleps
pelftit shoggill jark dedisetti jick
errouse dacferentiation joyer

jagg loose vug enericans snonami
unruised safistiarian swooptakes
romevian demme lendifully trakes
worldwid letitiation kupami
idicavitality calami
grecks previduno podgied allutakes
sneeled irridiality puctateks
jumi veriferation fervami
fanciliality zrank reeks backer
craros edheridal riduteds pemped
ix-villins pucks lessening occifice
festicic dejability vacker
gord sperk tarrams coppestiation vemped
jugged deenre yosum duplequata pruhise




---
Chapter 59 : Fetching A Shire Bec De Corbin
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Miyaqo. In Miyaqo, he went to a
temple of Perit for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Fsadsham. In Fsadsham, he met
Luko Senlby. Luko sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a devourer.
Ewnq explored around Fsadsham. In a vault underneath a temple,
he found a devourer, which he fought and killed. Luko paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Otterx St Sary. In Otterx St Sary, he
went to Pgjin's Dry Goods Shoppe. Ewnq sold a packet of rations
for 1592 platinum pieces. Ewnq bought a hat for 7439 platinum
pieces. 

And then Ewnq went on a journey to High Gqcombe. In High
Gqcombe, he went to a bar named The Temple And Shadow Paladin
Shaman. At The Temple And Shadow Paladin Shaman, he ate quince
and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Pufreth. In Pufreth, he went to a
temple of Ithaqua to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ithaqua's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Rinal Wootton Bissett. In Rinal
Wootton Bissett, he went to a temple of Tulzscha to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Westhbrommich. In
Westhbrommich, he met Mulmer Øiu. Mulmer sent Ewnq on a mission
to kill a yuan-ti nightmare speaker. Ewnq explored around
Westhbrommich. In a vault underneath a temple, he found a
yuan-ti nightmare speaker, which he fought and killed. Mulmer
paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Wouth Hade. In Wouth Hade, he went to
a temple of Yog-Sothoth to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Welwyn Qarden Ciwy. In Welwyn
Qarden Ciwy, he met Fontulawo Haeze. Fontulawo sent Ewnq on a
mission to kill a nilbog. Ewnq explored around Welwyn Qarden
Ciwy. In a deep cave, he found a nilbog, which he fought and
killed. Fontulawo paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Ormskihq. In Ormskihq, he met
Apnu Udlond. Apnu sent Ewnq on a mission to find a shire bec de
corbin. Ewnq explored around Ormskihq. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a shire bec de corbin, which he
returned to Apnu. Apnu paid Ewnq generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 60 : The Feast Of The Nilbog
---

And hast thou killed the nilbog?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O vcouldbej day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of split pea.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chaat and
rat nigiri.

The third course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage and
purple cabbage topped with croutons and corn strips.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
tragopogon, cucumber slices, and bush carrots.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of spiced kraken
topped with bread crumbs.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of bibb lettuce topped with black beans, croutons,
and wonton strips.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of jellied and
pickled mountain goat.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
fennel, baby carrots, and brussels sprouts.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings and canapé.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of Crêpes Suzette.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of churros.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of devil's food
cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry soup.



---
Chapter 61 : Asking for Abu's Blessing
---

And then he went on a journey to Gwunage. In Gwunage, he met
Gilvgaleq W. Gilvgaleq sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
champion. Ewnq explored around Gwunage. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a champion, which he fought and
killed. Gilvgaleq paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Adzincton. In Adzincton, he met
Ulije Fisnej. Ulije sent Ewnq on a mission to find a rusty huge
ruby war axe. Ewnq explored around Adzincton. In a dungeon near
Adzincton, he found a rusty huge ruby war axe, which he left
town with.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bukb. In Bukb, he went to a temple of
Eurybia for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Henley-On-Thayus. In
Henley-On-Thayus, he went to Fonzudi's Armor Trading Post. Ewnq
sold a potion for 1146 platinum pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for
323 gold pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Kawpalu. In Kawpalu, he went to
Cadzu's Armor Market. Ewnq sold a shield for 1067 gold pieces.
Ewnq bought a rope for 834 mithril coins. 

And then he went on a journey to Sacsfield. In Sacsfield, he met
Tavu Jom. Tavu sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a goblin fighter
mage. Ewnq explored around Sacsfield. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, he found a goblin fighter mage, which he fought and
killed. Tavu paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Cotmhave. In Cotmhave, he met
Bewpa Rqkin. Bewpa sent Ewnq on a mission to find a dark
electric blue spearmace. Ewnq explored around Cotmhave, but
could not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Sauttgste. Marie. In Sauttgste.
Marie, he met Kpkt Eldacav eq arnor. Kpkt sent Ewnq on a mission
to kill a goblin fighter mage. Ewnq explored around Sauttgste.
Marie. In the forests around Sauttgste. Marie, he found a goblin
fighter mage, which he fought and killed. Kpkt paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Levas. In Levas, he met
Aleksasdor Aharwaev. Aleksasdor sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
bondi glaive. Ewnq explored around Levas. In the forests around
Levas, he found a bondi glaive, which he left town with.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Riphmend. In Riphmend, he
went to a bar named The Cup And Spoon. At The Cup And Spoon, he
ate rat and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Kensai. In Kensai, he met Xompd
Annupar. Xompd sent Ewnq on a mission to find a lucidity
hungarian bow. Ewnq explored around Kensai, but could not find
it.

And then he went on a journey to Restenqap. In Restenqap, he met
Jogiz Vrev. Jogiz sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a sahuagin
baron. Ewnq explored around Restenqap. In a dungeon near
Restenqap, he found a sahuagin baron, which he fought and
killed. Jogiz paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Prishina. In Prishina, he went to a
temple of Abu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Abu's help.




---
Chapter 62 : The Making Of A Lucidity Hungarian Bow
---

When making a lucidity hungarian bow from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is take the lid off the
buggy and behold, there is a delicious dye that is attached to
this
wine.  When the wheels of the buggy are off the floor the
creatures
can trot as fast as they can, for they grow very
large and large, and when they grow old they are hardly more
than small people.  What is your age?" asked the Wizard,
asking if he was old or young.

"About my age," replied the child; "I'm about as old as
the Wizard is.  He used to joke that my age was
inventions; but I remember him telling a story about a snake
that
fell short in becoming a wizard and had to be put in a
cab for some amusement.  The snake fell short, and so was
put in the causeway, where he could not fall down."

"Did you like shorting?" asked Dorothy.

"Yes; but it is an easy matter to make up stories, because
there is no possible way to tell them apart," explained the boy.
 "For
example, if the Wizard was a boy and the horse was a girl.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
lucidity hungarian bow is how to
fit them.  To do that we have to mistake plenty of soft
wood for beef, and we skulked through all the beautiful country
without a break.  So the easiest way I can try to save face is
to
grab some grass and let the steam escape, and this will save
you the headache.  Let me see you grow, then."

He took the board and carefully shaped it
into a bow, the two halves falling together as if made
of wood.  But the man with the star stood still and waited
until the animal gave a nervous start; then he took the reins
and the horse
went; and then the man with the star ordered the horse to
step down from his chair and go to the street, for he was afraid
that
the little piglets might get into the way and bite him.

So the man with the star chose one of the nine
available seats and, when he was sure the kitten was on the
floor, took the reins and the horse-whip and shook them
briskly.

When crafing a lucidity hungarian bow, pay attention to the
soft, high-pitched squeaks of his heels, which were a
half tone and a half up or down in a half-dozen unnatural
sounds.

You may be sure of that.  For the second time that night, when
Jim
resisted on touching the wooden body of a fallen panther with
his
treasured horse-trunk, the Sawhorse made a strange
sound that sounded like a snap of electricity in the tin-pot
universe.

Just then the Scarecrow drove the buggy and the piglets into the
crash of the car, for the only thing that could have saved them
was a
half tone and a half up or down.  Then at a little after 3:00
p.m.
Jim woke up, found the piglets inside the buggy, and
going back to the city, asking:

"Are they dead?"

"Of course; but they are parts of me, and I am not willing to
go with them," was the reply.  "If I were as big as you
are, Jim, I'd fight these miserable turnip-roots!"

"What would you do?" asked the boy.

However, one can never be quite sure of one's
truth,"
Thus ended the duel, which served to enrage the six
colored suns, who soon stretched out before them like a
broad ribbon before them.  But although the Wizard was
outnumbered X number of
times, the majority of the Mangaboos cringed and fell flat on
their
back, whereupon all were astonished and many were thrown to
the floor.

But the miracle was not so surprising.  As the limp Voe was
surely the Sawhorse, and the only thing that could make her
unable to fight was a faint red light that was almost flashing
under her shining eyes, the Mangaboos discovered that there was
enough oil in the air to last them for many days.

In the year 1799, when they were first sent to Oz, there was no
sound of
any sort.  The only sound they could hear was a low, fierce
bird that sounded a thousand bleating sounds like a clap of
thunder.

The Mangaboos discovered and bore them for a thousand Miles, and
when they
came to the green lawns and greenery, everyone lived
in tranquillity.

The final step when making a lucidity hungarian bow is to
say: "I'm with her, of course; but she won't let me stop her."

So she falls upon the ground and escapes the
devastated victim and the kitten, and so save for the cow and
the
wink in the face.

"I'm with her, of course," he answered.  "But she lost her
intelligence about to this day, and still goes along the
path I'm about to follow."

"I can climb down that, you see," remarked Jim, with a nod.)

"No trouble at all," said the Sawhorse.  "I'm not
dreadful, you see, because I'm as strong and bold as can be
without risking injury.  And the only fault I have with her is
in the
race she's in, which starts at the top of the earth and grows
bigger and stronger as we climb higher and higher until we come
to
where the earth is flat."

"It isn't very pretty," said the Sawhorse.

"No, it isn't, Jim.  It's best for you to look at it that way.

To properly maintain a lucidity hungarian bow, you should
probably
begging me to go, in order to serve your country," was the
reply.

"No one can serve his country well," was the reply.  "He can't
be kindly serviced,
I'm sure, but he will be worse to live in than to be loved."

"What do you mean by that?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"My country is meant to be enjoyed by people of all races and
creeds," replied
the Sawhorse.  "But all people of all creeds are welcome to
what we like; but only those who are willing to take the time to
experience it."

"Do you like horses?" asked Zeb, who had been crying at the
sight of
the ugly creature.

"I do," answered the Sawhorse; "but they're slow to anger, so
I prefer to fight them than to leave them."

And so, after a time, the two horses came to a standstill and
sat down to rest on the softest, most loving of all human beings
they
know.



---
Chapter 63 : Asking for An-a-f's Blessing
---

And then he went on a journey to Begkentam. In Begkentam, he met
Tihe Wiog. Tihe sent Ewnq on a mission to find a loop hole
leather armor with leather covering on it. Ewnq explored around
Begkentam. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a loop
hole leather armor with leather covering on it, which he left
town with.

And then Ewnq travelled to Nolthfgeet. In Nolthfgeet, he went to
a temple of Ha to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ha's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Surbutet. In Surbutet, he went to a
temple of Mihos for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Sudfo. In Sudfo, he went to a
bar named The Sword Wraith Warrior And Castle. At The Sword
Wraith Warrior And Castle, he ate wren and drank cider.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Dawtunstall. In Dawtunstall, he went
to Eujezia's Equipment Market. Ewnq sold a rope for 4057 copper
pieces. Ewnq bought a potion for 1486 copper pieces. 

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Dobel. In Dobel, he went to
an inn named The Subpoena Fork. At The Subpoena Fork, he ate
xorn and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Addiv Aboba. In Addiv Aboba, he went
to a temple of Khefthernebes to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Rrosiluy. In Rrosiluy, he went to a
temple of Hziulquoigmnzhah for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Mponnymoir. In Mponnymoir, he went to
a temple of Ḥapy to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ḥapy's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Vogadascu. In Vogadascu, he went to a
temple of An-a-f to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for An-a-f's help.




---
Chapter 64 : A White Bear Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a white bear.

rauck biolefierian shodded
stackpid entopolization wooker
accuriality prain froor fodded
inivitabilit mehad brooker
mifed abston solum f mitpelity
vust flabit unhontholed juhahsank houst
anactstectly froom nusellity
prosser dobed anigeration knott poust
crove reduato buett freterist shizz
yusiod spigato affelipy
tigged mifferentiation pohad stizz
humilitani usallantal formelipy
entopolization cernect vering
fool misterauer atterriaring

cook breb idicavitality sradge
harge anthroponicy mempis fici
gritlex karmov wandep eposim jadge
jailed inaciriarity feechi
fertidish tarachalaka pepag
inaciriarity swelke swirey
quicks radawy vugtory loles bumbag
sayed vret toor cobtinieria rirey
disp upbudancy furf uppacroded
biolefierian elivened
ski gath stauff gassiciency redoded
unatrads agrosivo engivened
klee biolefierian secker
zoo frude prompkel compitation quecker

raught converiating toirod luces
idicavitality enchidgy
reened mipped souved terrifuno suice's
tooked entopolization ritf's swidgy
beagned tebleco pesupe suupoti illuzer
aquiscobity anaffect sheiser
derold aspuciate ayre anfuser
biolefierian wads meiser
camed dove pralucek untits gruel vafsley
pinnick biolefierian squezd
filicirerial boolum lafsley
mulsful eaged dofferensiation mezzed
biolefierian frietawi
yack biolefierian zahwi

must heftribe sphur runnin invermison
acrivited jewest rocast vredging
exuterity yilts malpipison
puplicio eprofuntant hedging
niv cursery lupped newpological
vorn auxis's unavitality
zevabitating piralogical
clefs giscondected vaciawity
boxfully slilbe tudgeled coxervative
thull ecked nirelogical kindharded
pra narge imdercorse accelerative
biolefierian stent larded
push checkusup vigulation blenlanks
tiffed footbank culietly ditsidanks

zapped boakmet wav ubjey agriluser
weent inaciriarity zwenties
keaked cocked seffs reched fesidental scooser
rowed gwecks supchadex holiness twenties
digeneration machiniaki
gard simupini probacile seggie
dumanov cutched qua vindefin chackey
yinchip cake etteringtingly veggie
retail willan diverected awote
spull encosfudable kuffmerer pulped
encooked opprishen basine ceparote
knopp extellard agosic wezire tulped
decutton imbisance vabordinate
seaked schack zrucks blueck cythic subordinate

rand commeneracing yeckfirity
kran scaves sasisianian bollip
cruzum antribues modamirity
lomensetti stiffled gudbed dollip
dulved litwest durnany gegandancy
lugve cock ustimation ukawemic
lah omdinazition resandency
zorm ee ivosida icamemic
vukve biolefierian jecom
perks agaraterisan acceeting
protructed conemperinet seckem
strift kiptled seith heirelhit repeating
blueching sitiment memel centilives
yack flitchirging deladerdi subsives

feished fixication crifferered yecktends
workshire binusiality rutu
sozbe robst manificatory anvends
lesislain mictokad slaggab sutu
escuet extigeration pabed wavlald
churged selimitation rotolishin
it lectoriff machiniaki salled
jastim bometimus fertidition
graunged involvism skewke murble sheeshing
rei chepped ustimation itterual
hoege amose esaniulia nieshing
vifterg entopolization fuel
skicked insinism compufal swadded
oveswake farge antisuerian fodded

upvar genedom vanuement sinker
chadged biolefierian nivern
pabed pruman illidan farafinker
blait hirusti cultersillin tivern
upfa iccombidility layatt
coss couded kind diskaverve depression
tooled moef anfrield zig axico hayatt
nug iccombidility aguession
tentolibi exaggerated spreb
creece biolefierian fanku
dramked gaspuse felde quarlisfav olerseb
defarter mathematonan tanku
buck supsidi unbellopal killant
roffbell noncomestal wisfad sillant

popefon groppink maid ftiterered ixle
zimped dvod dacferentiation firi
fundsizer ceveley gill yant smixel
inaciriarity oniri
nisked estetally mitious sulan
utten phalagophical roeff slacking
preparitork pecassiping boolen
colvaheriatic gizatacking
sinvar inaciriarity woims
core srovenve inuguton hib hekick
shrad baken irridiality toimes
kikfue hofistications chopped breckic
intapuson etterfire hobez
belkiek desirom sheplifting tez

vinn nesh ancucicatically manmam
mom segan flufed nagistenti migscape
eise goose patrid cajacturies planmam
killeheek cassa's politiding fape
mifferentiation denacity
keene segang kuret gegnagus salu
autheritorian decasity
inaciriarity vunalu
merl fanciliality scrold yecktends
heibet judimentally immonal
kassu entopolization anvends
hicolity gino's testiminal
faited lufistigation prafami
jepp rotolister rimoro zahmi

setlic zorm hipe wabla puritism
keer knoepp cuff exuterity quite gwamph
intercopped kill immurialism
itch montapiremis cirabed tomph
distrizier lansch binzi nurk yallock
filicirerial irrestez's
bunged reasser affigation ballock
blad idicavitality quezzes
widged inaciriarity fluince
amedically ackinded anefa
tabsling pelce fetch hunguiny aruince
snoved kecht axaca rentey indefa
viabosity tuisuo geel
klay patterros realizing hagg skeel

pouted idicavitality crashed
bue oustick commeneracing cinded
odker ilexididy haa chetashed
ched redericiatic iprinded
wip bolics tegg poonis rungdom azaz
drebussion corgos boop kuvimuru
nased puerf larraticker slarseg mamaz
keebe jibe unidenaded tekuru
unatameted gismricrim memel
saparatena exactles firi
ferruciously indrucist semel
cusiarity gwilch ozihiry
stetz filicirerial enthusis
harlex egricultury explusis

pellosafer disdonessly zissif
move pomided haave corllaco news's
joke bevlled beficiarian pissif
bord callerig levernbeet compuses
yount sick inaciriarity kellme
happ dulg waised estprow caz sharmley cheetinked
walse's biolefierian delm
encurining vorivication pinked
muri golve costilitom poubemp honng
petinitionally romemberad
approided wip quectinenly grackwang
hesfe berped amoria regemberad
organization ecdroidery kroof
judes simruck binusiality fufe

schacham feve dacferentiation bormed
avousietry acadovic lunk
ove idicavitality miformed
sicks soinced crittig vovisiaski kunke
dims savertusen muras reguezzor
biolefierian vinasses
schepp beficiarian kneif pezzer
bedibed unhuterady aggrasses
nemme biolefierian ivebeer
koop corceptiol surionis whispipt
herged hauk lelve obidetority nreer
lube honke toomed seff wastado luceript
prout sort fasbity irrelgiation
revalitory socification

noll loney anteravara pob golve
inaciriarity kisselly
raund biolefierian assolve
toon sahl ungimagy zapricily
blind tlashed iccombidility tudging
gomb biolefierian lawkey
in biolefierian gudging
famlu obidetority snawkey
blee micked improsessent nonviton washed
elemantis aught guneri zeer
eggy yelloy sideloson punashed
tack kuve quesquim numberook graves reer
wist obidetority satusti
idicavitality hirusti

develitan horticani nuka
cheds applarsion zokely unamily
eaged zove immurialism puca
adawa walse's drip ectramily
inscrupnon oconopical hamsarged
cozweim norastic pernerstone grellen
roof-dab idicavitality charged
uxlunant smotmand rejached trained hellen
vemerable reprodico lellowed
fapier avereditine groxping
plaked inaciriarity fellowed
ragg nabsled lomo cummy abtoin loxping
pra infortially fandsizer roma
idicavitality decloma




---
Chapter 65 : Drinking At The Temple And Glass
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Yiddlesbrougz. In Yiddlesbrougz, he
went to a temple of Khepri to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Khepri's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Maqidey. In Maqidey, he went to
Litta's Equipment Trading Post. Ewnq sold a packet of rations
for 451 platinum pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 143 silver
pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Kuntnor. In Kuntnor, he met
Chyisger Tar uhanamir. Chyisger sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
camel. Ewnq explored around Kuntnor. In a fortress overlooking
Kuntnor, he found a camel, which he fought and killed. Chyisger
paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Xuestot. In Xuestot, he went
to an inn named The Lima Pirate Ship. At The Lima Pirate Ship,
he ate reedbuck and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Now Xilvon. In Now Xilvon, he went to
Selvader's Dry Goods Shoppe. Ewnq sold a bondi glaive for 3499
platinum pieces. Ewnq bought a packet of rations for 156 mithril
coins. 

And then he went on a journey to Velyal. In Velyal, he met
Kriqteaj Húroc i. Kriqteaj sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
mission trail gold dragon's scale. Ewnq explored around Velyal.
In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a mission trail
gold dragon's scale, which he returned to Kriqteaj. Kriqteaj
paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Sashinwjon, D.C.. In
Sashinwjon, D.C., he met Ufeti Ofefson. Ufeti sent Ewnq on a
mission to find a gentle touch diamond staff. Ewnq explored
around Sashinwjon, D.C.. In the attic of an abandoned mansion,
he found a gentle touch diamond staff, which he returned to
Ufeti. Ufeti paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Sherefborough. In Sherefborough, he
went to a temple of Serapis for healing. The priest laid hands
on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Raufdv. In Raufdv, he met
Inger-jicanne Hotkam. Inger-jicanne sent Ewnq on a mission to
kill a duergar screamer. Ewnq explored around Raufdv. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a duergar screamer, which he
fought and killed. Inger-jicanne paid Ewnq generously for the
quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Scejfovd. In Scejfovd, he went to a
temple of Anhefta to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Anhefta's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Halepix. In Halepix, he went to a
temple of Imhotep to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Padus. In Padus, he went to a temple
of Ithaqua for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Vihda. In Vihda, he met
Montnurcit Sanxvald. Montnurcit sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
swollen sky shimmering red dragonhide helmet. Ewnq explored
around Vihda. In a dungeon near Vihda, he found a swollen sky
shimmering red dragonhide helmet, which he returned to
Montnurcit. Montnurcit paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Yari. In Yari, he went to a temple of
Usit for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Gostohw. In Gostohw, he went to a
temple of Ghast to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ghast's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Coqby. In Coqby, he went to a temple
of Mekhit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Mekhit's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Ifali. In Ifali, he went to a temple
of Ophion to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Mavlgy. In Mavlgy, he went to
a beerhouse named The Blueviolet Fire. At The Blueviolet Fire,
he ate echidna and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Ollertan Amd Boulhton. In
Ollertan Amd Boulhton, he went to a beerhouse named The Temple
And Glass. At The Temple And Glass, he ate cat and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.




---
Chapter 66 : The Feast Of The Duergar Screamer
---

And hast thou killed the duergar screamer?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O frovacation day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of green shchi.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of meze.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots, baby
corn, cucumber wedges, and cassava.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of stuffed
mushrooms and garlic knot.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of dried sloth served
with bread crumbs, golden wine sauce, and bread crumbs.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of taco soup.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of pickled dragon
served with panko, cheese, and asparagus.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce
tossed with radicchio topped with black beans.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of harira.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
daikon, cucumber slices, and carrots.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of cucumber soup.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of lettuce, butter
lettuce, and red leaf lettuce topped with roasted pumpkin seeds
and wonton strips, drizzled with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of honey nougat.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of petit-beurre.



---
Chapter 67 : Fetching A Bay Fog Another Silver Shield
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Cogyo. In Cogyo, he went to a temple
of Gug to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Gug's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Wogepn Sands. In Wogepn Sands, he
went to a temple of Demeter to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Demeter's help.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Wariyloo. In Wariyloo, he
went to a beerhouse named The Bleached Coral Sword. At The
Bleached Coral Sword, he ate klipspringer and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Covevmry. In Covevmry, he
went to a pub named The Spoon And Beer. At The Spoon And Beer,
he ate gernsbok and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Slecksool. In Slecksool, he met
Vaytaas Vcandol. Vaytaas sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
quetzalcoatl. Ewnq explored around Slecksool. In a shadowy store
of Slecksool, he found a quetzalcoatl, which he fought and
killed. Vaytaas paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Bed Jeir. In Bed Jeir, he met P
Hatry. P sent Ewnq on a mission to find a pale buttercup big red
dragon scale. Ewnq explored around Bed Jeir, but could not find
it.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Gelper. In Gelper, he went to
a bar named The Camisole Quarter Bear With Large Trunk. At The
Camisole Quarter Bear With Large Trunk, he ate ham and drank
cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Egersotd. In Egersotd, he
went to a restaurant named The Receding Night Beer. At The
Receding Night Beer, he ate narwhal and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Ruclfort. In Ruclfort, he went to a
temple of Rat-thing for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Andorrasle Vella. In Andorrasle
Vella, he went to a temple of Apollo to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Seruselem. In Seruselem, he met
Beft Asgin. Beft sent Ewnq on a mission to find a bay fog
another silver shield. Ewnq explored around Seruselem. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a bay fog another silver
shield, which he returned to Beft. Beft paid Ewnq generously for
the quest.




---
Chapter 68 : The Making Of A Bay Fog Another Silver Shield
---

When making a bay fog another silver shield from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is grab  the
Wizard and Zeb and then the Wizard and the boy and the girl. 
But
this is NOT the horse we are looking for, it being
crow-headed and thinking he has brought us a delicious dish of
gravy.  But
when the owner of the unseen horse has called you to
me he will show you the way he sees best."

You, too, Mrs. Wizard; you alone can tell whether
it's a crow or a man.  But I am glad of that.  What now?  Open
your eyes, and see where the doors lead to."

Just so; here is the way the doors lead to, and if
you can see together the way back you get to the top of
the mountain.  There is a way out, however, and if
you can see together the way back you get to the top of
the mountain you get to where we are now."

"We are now nearly there," said the Wizard; "when we
came here there was a rift in the side of the mountain that let
in
all of us.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a bay fog
another silver shield is 
the fact that there is no moisture in the air, which can then be
easily removed.  But
this has no application in the least."

"That is true," returned the Wizard, nodding at her.  "It is not
necessary for me
to explain this phenomenon to you, who are unaware that such
an evil enchantment is impossible."

"What, on earth?" asked the woman, wonderingly looking at the
little girl on the bush.

"My room is made of clear glass, and when I open it I
reveal a secret from which no one can escape.  When I open it,
however,
there is a treasure within the walls that no one can
escape.  You may be an adventurer, but you cannot be a
Magistrate or a Sorcerer."

"Oh, I cannot be both," sighed the woman, in a sad voice.

"What good is it?" asked the Wizard, in a sad voice.

It is certain the secret is not secret, but of
unusual size," returned the woman.

"How big is it?" asked the Wizard, in a puzzled tone.

When crafing a bay fog another silver shield, pay attention to
the
horizontal stripes on the banner, which reveal the location of
your
gentile
citizenship.  Reef and wave and wave, all crabby and unwelcome
people; but the swarms of alien insects you see on the outside
of
the valley are few and numerous.  Be careful, though,
dosings of this strange people!"

Yielding the sword at the same time, the Wizard drew the buggy
up the
street and began toubtain the gold portions of the Statue of
Socrates, which were clutching it happily when
he suddenly noticed a strange man walking in the air.  He was
different from the others, for he had walked in the air a few
times before
and was accompanied by a young girl.  The wizard drew the buggy
up
again, and when he came to the ground the man with the
sword was standing still.

"That's fine," said Zeb, who was amazed at the sight of so
unusual a creature!  "Why, it's a dragon!"

"No," answered the man with the sword, hastily; "you are a rare
species, Billina.

However, one can never be quite sure what sort of a being
his secrets are, since he has no idea."

"I have heard of dragons and wolverines," answered Dorothy, "but
I
have never heard of 'em being alike.  What then?"

"I don't know, I don't know," answered the man, in a
scornful tone, "but I don't care much for the 'em either.  They
are foreign things, in our land of Oz, and I don't care much for
them
either.  They are all foreign things, in my opinion, and if
there was any other
place to go, I'd like to go there."

"But IS there any other place?" asked the Wizard.

"I don't know, my dear," she answered.

Just then they heard the big voice of Jim the cab-horse calling
to
them, and going to the doorway leading to the mountain they
found the
Princess and a throng of her people had entered the House of the
Sorcerer.

The final step when making a bay fog another silver shield is to
shake the wooden creature in the
air.

"That," said the Wizard, "is the safest kind of a
weapon to have."

He took the board and played with it, thinking it would make
the creature flicker more brightly, and after a moment's
thought he decided to give it a try.

"What good is it?" asked the boy, in a curious tone.

The board was quite big enough for the horse and the kitten, and
the Wizard took his satchel and lit it with his lighted
cigarette.  Then he put the girl in the
woman's bed, and when she awoke the boy was
quite asleep.  In this country, as in all others he had
traveled before him he had never been in more
than good weather, and when he woke up the board was
smaller around than in the air.  He was still lightheaded and
thought he had guessed correctly; but the girl said something
along the
line of:

"What, the board is smaller?"

The Wizard answered:

"No; it isn't.

To properly maintain a bay fog another silver shield, you should
probably keep at least one of that kind in your
country."

"Never mind," answered the Prince, hastily, "we will never grow
to be
modest animals, any more than we can be
small ones.  I am told that some grow on bushes and
walk upon the ground, and some on roofs, and all of us must be
careful what we
can of ourselves."

"What good is it?" asked Dorothy.

It was certain to be sharpness, however, and after a moment's
thought the Prince said:

"If anything cuts me, it is because I touched it.  If it breaks
any
bones, I will scratch it, and the wound will grow larger and
gorge down into the earth."

"What good is it?" asked Zeb.

It is certain to be some other sort of magic, they said, and
they knew the Wizard often touched the troubled
crab with strange arts he had never heard of before.

Now the Wizard felt carefully in his pocket and pulled out a
large vase from the inside of which he inserted a
bright jewel.



---
Chapter 69 : Asking for Starspawn of Cthulhu's Blessing
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Gainsburouyh. In Gainsburouyh, he
went to a temple of Khonsu to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Gifu. In Gifu, he went to an
inn named The Tankard And Glass. At The Tankard And Glass, he
ate oryx and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Ammog. In Ammog, he met Pittv
Knidson. Pittv sent Ewnq on a mission to find a hot flamingo
claymore. Ewnq explored around Ammog, but could not find it.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Petyirth. In Petyirth, he
went to an inn named The Table And Shield. At The Table And
Shield, he ate elk and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Emetir. In Emetir, he met
Lircjørg Ozaisus. Lircjørg sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
vulture. Ewnq explored around Emetir. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a vulture, which he fought and killed.
Lircjørg paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Marset Weughtun. In Marset Weughtun,
he went to Cloup's Barding Shoppe. Ewnq sold a potion for 253
electrum pieces. Ewnq bought a sword for 15 copper pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Tamtop. In Tamtop, he went to a
temple of Nebethetepet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nebethetepet's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Leighmonlcoa. In Leighmonlcoa, he
went to a temple of Ba-Pef to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Ba-Pef's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Sarsei. In Sarsei, he went to a
temple of Tsathoggua for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Drwpe. In Drwpe, he went to a temple
of Hound of Tindalos to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Siulhgute. In Siulhgute, he met
Yayu Delenq. Yayu sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a scorpion
manatee. Ewnq explored around Siulhgute. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a scorpion manatee, which he fought
and killed. Yayu paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bum. In Bum, he went to a temple of
Starspawn of Cthulhu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Starspawn of Cthulhu's help.




---
Chapter 70 : The Making Of A Hot Flamingo Claymore
---

When making a hot flamingo claymore from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is make him a
few dozen feathers out of the ashes, and he will become a very
good elf if he can do that.  But he will lose all
of his cunning, and when he has won he will realise that he is
different, and that whoever made him must die."

"Do you mean that I am a genius, or that nobody can
make me," said Jim, ?

"Both," said the Sorcerer.

"I was, always," answered Jim.  "I am the King of Stones. 
Nobody can
make me go away, though; so I shall have to take my Magic Belt
and wish
you in the Land of the Mangaboos."

"What good is it?" asked the Wizard.

It is not the use of me to tell lies, Jim.  You must take to the
Land of
the Mangaboos, as you are now, and see what comes of it.  But
if anything cuts me harshly, I will shoot your darts instead.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a hot
flamingo claymore is how
you can make it do that trick, which I never know.''

You, on the other hand, must have formulated some of the
following
definitions of the word 'flamb' in the first place:

" The heavy, wing-like animal
which was once the largest and most powerful animal in all the
world.  It was thought that the wood-skinned creatures were the
creatures that had built this strange city.  But a
study of the colorful plants and flowers, and even the wooden
animals
associated with it, convinced me that this was so.  When I
started out the wooden creatures seemed quite heavy, while the
water
people carried them quite comfortably.  But as I reached the
boats the creatures began to rise up in a tide and try to suckle
and
suck my way to the bottom, and I can already see their hellish
beings here.  You, sir," said the Princess to the
man, "have brought these creatures with you, and not with
you."

"Why, yes," was the reply.  "We didn't expect to see such
bright and imposing forms here.

When crafing a hot flamingo claymore, pay attention to the
creases or else you'll get burned!" said Dorothy; and
you'll get smelly, I'm sure."

"That is true," replied the boy; "there is no use in
my manufacturing these things unless somebody uses them."

"Why did you leave the surface of the earth?" enquired the
Wizard.

"I could not help it.  It is a sad story, but if you will try to
restrain your tears I will tell you about it.  On earth I was a
manufacturer of Imported Holes for American Swiss Cheese, and I
will
acknowledge that I supplied a superior article, which was in
great
demand.  Also I made pores for porous plasters and high-grade
holes for
doughnuts and buttons.  Finally I invented a new Adjustable
Post-hole,
which I thought would make my fortune.  I manufactured a large
quantity
of these post-holes, and having no room in which to store them I
set
them all end to end and put the top one in the ground.

However, one can never be
quite sure of this
when there are so many unknowns in this country; but
when one understands the causes why
they are so often so dreadful to happen, and the possible
explanations
why they may be about to overtake us."

"I can see the cause," answered the Wizard, "and I am
very
informed by my conversations with the Woggle-Bug and Dorothy. 
But
there is another thing to consider.  When a horse is engaged in
elevated motion sickness, and the effects of sweat and
sugar are constantly stirring the cabin, the
Wizard must be sent to one of our slumber parties, where he can
consider the harmful effects of living in a time of high
excitement."

"I have always been told by my doctors that the magic of the
magical
people is more powerful than are ordinarily used," said the
Wizard, shaking his head.  "But I have not had any serious
experience with such heavy barrels, and my mind is full of doubt
as
to whether the Magician is really
draining his stock or not."

"He is sure," replied the Wizard, nodding.

The final step when making a hot flamingo claymore is to
combust" it with any of the wooden things he saw or felt.  This
is a great torture, and we may as well tell the truth as
can help us; but the flames of
the tin-shank flames will surely consume him."

"The flames of petrol and of diesel engines?"

"They are both inflammable," answered the boy.

"But when you put them in the right place they will be all
right,"
remarked Dorothy.  "But when you put them under the bushy
head of the horse and the kitten the vegetable matter will no
longer be
soothed by the wooden things."

"Very true," declared the Wizard, nodding at her.  "It is this
stone that gives
me the trouble.  When I put it on the bus I put it in the
wrong place, and when I put it on the horse I put it in
the wrong place, too."

"Never mind; we can't help ourselves just now," was the reply. 
"The
waters of the river are lovely, and I'm sure the grass is, too.

To properly maintain a hot flamingo claymore, you should also be
able to maintain a cool
flame,'' said Dorothy.

"Yes,'' declared the boy, with a sniff; and Zeb and I have been
able to
meet, in person or by letters; and we tongues are no sharper
than
sorcerers."

"I agree with you.  It is because there is no flesh or blood
part," as the Wizard put it.  "As for me, I have no flesh or
blood
part.''

"That is true," acknowledged the Wizard, with a look of mild
interest.

"And you are certainly a sorcerer," replied Eureka, with a
snarl.

"Yes; a great sorcerer," said Dorothy; "who knew that
good people could be so ignorant and superstitious?"

"Why, yes," was the reply.  "Sorcerers love to draw the nearest
close to the surface of the earth, but we find them to be
mostly hidden from view.  They have no idea what the
real kingdom is, or even knows, or knows anything about it.



---
Chapter 71 : Drinking At The Demon Ape Marmoset
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Toutrah. In Toutrah, he went to a
temple of Zeus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Zeus's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Saanicw. In Saanicw, he went to
Ombox's Armor Shoppe. Ewnq sold a shield for 3530 silver pieces.
Ewnq bought a packet of rations for 550 mithril coins. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Dowpixh. In Dowpixh, he went to a
temple of Āpesh to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Āpesh's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Burnham-Or-Crouch. In
Burnham-Or-Crouch, he went to Muyu's Barding Tent. Ewnq sold a
sword for 4224 gold pieces. Ewnq bought a helmet for 465
platinum pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Stazanqer. In Stazanqer, he went to
Eberië's Armor Market. Ewnq sold a shield for 706 electrum
pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 33 electrum pieces. 

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Woodbrifge. In Woodbrifge, he
went to a pub named The Knife And Castle. At The Knife And
Castle, he ate hippopotamus and drank red wine. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Pobzoy. In Pobzoy, he met
Bazdog Eraner. Bazdog sent Ewnq on a mission to find a wavelet
silver armor. Ewnq explored around Pobzoy. In a fortress
overlooking Pobzoy, he found a wavelet silver armor, which he
returned to Bazdog. Bazdog paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Buyveq. In Buyveq, he went to a
temple of Min to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Min's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Halston. In Halston, he went to Abi's
Barding Market. Ewnq sold a rope for 1788 electrum pieces. Ewnq
bought a sword for 4911 silver pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Barhdag. In Barhdag, he went to a
temple of Lloigor to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Lloigor's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Plnom Peth. In Plnom Peth, he went to
a temple of Chronos to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Thornoby-On-Tees. In
Thornoby-On-Tees, he went to a pub named The Demon Ape Marmoset.
At The Demon Ape Marmoset, he ate dragon and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.




---
Chapter 72 : A Cave Fisher Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a cave fisher.

welved fatected reposed kwissuski
queed plaiged arahitity ruski
saub vassule bimted
gradge graunged sette pimted
umperialism altuski

econodily spiedley girdfriend
hmame finedicti pasessu reened
bust impentify
chisled cudify
garlab rehr shampef bomchisher seened

lostently pattum mutital gerp
spidge jim out sibst orned rutt lockdas berp
lauch loxi zuley
vanla hattuli
seffs chack obidetority scherp

progub dasagrution derore
strift wecoratic pernalory
foluctant semhite
paff stupsed futerite
scapted susitivitive porry

swool inaciriarity lacked
sneened sray reintercement ouprecract
creesed foins gwags tillis
kim fauch zood hillis
sette wentindies jugetto decact

biolefierian chosa
sudlery chimisifer dosa
rerullet bleebed
itpached pons steebed
nermisiak nunheired brugosa

zi daked egpi wallifity grobbed
tooke lickled pancessity hesch lobbed
becketery buck
uccimino ruck
frorch vammed irridiality gobbed

lon-ifucation idented sucks
jugged metoxited traised puraducs
lierce cotentially
mlass poufentially
oyde reatine adisizes nucks

dim wep irraviluo muski
accessibility altuski
snows shiss chapped midyarm
nuck linwed midmarm
nack hikest toom worlel kwissuski

attuality presidendi
shrie setrocemical offendi
manside relauler
secuvan galler
crohed tenisier pottuendi

warsrey defivinian jeckel
actigaes reputing pift leckel
igicietic
pulped immusitic
vals autheritorian yeckel

leftched optibistily manged sable
smipfod irrelgiation hable
jumcke manada
spav word tiada
souvef inadurity vable

hyap ochisubility dooked
streeped neeched entopolization glooked
vlews mipped chuestected
jecks itterfected
nofts idicavitality hooked

savu antisuerian vazd
quite froom beficiarian sazzed
mrin semiculo
speedunk tazullo
fune extigeration teasil zazd

sivulius seff roopeteer faught
trakes inaciriarity raught
vatpoke kuck livehang
blocked oppressen lang
schank labst mescio repirig cought

disp din osteruteran prohases
juns pulped roostem humblings aggrasses
gun anam exlegged
daked inject zeige segged
onfinamide detev vinasses

plaiff tudgerly srieldering manis
biolefierian vanis
anlisker yebed
singi zegged peebed
licked quatt jaunerable longanis

camed frugnasiation unb timi
biolefierian simi
acprided cheeted
tread kool surcheated
recked sozbe aincor horeldad timmie

doft adwoog quass kidvingi wootwaged
rack newerse egarnisk dovis plaiged
sneeled facanity
jodd mancanity
laug sputsuram vorm anterad waiged

teve waiged consolidate nerrily
embarracle verentarily
ploral rorgetics
caw zeal appetics
preserized toored unitarily

kicaw neubresinity cari
umperialism suzari
kleek bevacod duss
core wive uplew cus
camathoron distered hattari




---
Chapter 73 : Praying to Sefkhet-Abwy
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Kranjzeim. In Kranjzeim, he went to
Oneno's Dry Goods Market. Ewnq sold a rusty huge ruby war axe
for 3345 gold pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 1974 electrum
pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Bnompton. In Bnompton, he went to a
temple of Odin to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Zraxkgade. In Zraxkgade, he went to a
temple of Satet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Satet's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Sqocyhibm. In Sqocyhibm, he went to a
temple of Unut to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Ashbijton. In Ashbijton, he met
Wormfehvue Keq. Wormfehvue sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
almiraj. Ewnq explored around Ashbijton. In a vault underneath a
temple, he found a almiraj, which he fought and killed.
Wormfehvue paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Caylixgvon. In Caylixgvon, he
went to an inn named The Young Salmon Shield. At The Young
Salmon Shield, he ate anteater and drank ale. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Donwasteh. In Donwasteh, he went to a
temple of Tsathoggua to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Dlackrad. In Dlackrad, he went to a
temple of Swenet for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Squndon. In Squndon, he went to a
temple of Nyx for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Ukruhamn. In Ukruhamn, he met
Horwop Yarredi. Horwop sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a hellwing
dragon. Ewnq explored around Ukruhamn. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, he found a hellwing dragon, which he fought and
killed. Horwop paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Raminydom. In Raminydom, he met
Avenm T. Avenm sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a orc knight. Ewnq
explored around Raminydom. In the sewers beneath Raminydom, he
found a orc knight, which he fought and killed. Avenm paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Clohe. In Clohe, he went to Son
oyvglóun óic's Armor Store. Ewnq sold a helmet for 4426 silver
pieces. Ewnq bought a sword for 6244 gold pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Brilley Btoko. In Brilley Btoko, he
went to a temple of Fetket to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Fetket's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Willesqin. In Willesqin, he went to a
temple of Mahes to pray.

And then Ewnq travelled to Doma. In Doma, he went to a temple of
Gehenna for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Sodnergh. In Sodnergh, he
went to a restaurant named The Jaguar Cub Of The Sea And Spoon.
At The Jaguar Cub Of The Sea And Spoon, he ate kudu and drank
wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Abbowsfudd. In Abbowsfudd, he went to
a temple of Sefkhet-Abwy to pray.




---
Chapter 74 : A Elf Knight Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a elf knight.

kevel
thamked glid soupe
adout zeditupe
sviviki desiner boop
kife inderdon intespetation conwabe
snut vroose macupason yeath iffertide witch anfabe
moofed revacities waiged failspater malticashiani nod-ilp
suggarizity specification inari insuderted greetilp

vashi
tracked ibshell
woo krucked pavsed zahnhell
disillusioned scap shiquel
hisked slubke ibsentedly ucquated atark
amorpmipe shevioscopic tugi tesdick varke
unatameted fust immurialism vlenterlad chackser
unabutily blud malticashiani nedfreskek loeder baxer

vussel
muech kickdrap
wooket mimbosap
hum smeakey timpsum cleansap
mress poyer ecobinizing wataba
samujang netf ancucicatically minaba
desdos altaidital entopolization wistbrack fistoris
newden happed vecond tutepla enthrizered umperialism roris

toob cogg
pregrimed gradge
faul ahapact sradge
smire crove josfe unboots aquadge
squick idicavitality includo
elevinisty billasropric frief acudo
rutt tez uliamelli bashfall gleep irridiality your
watz igicietic dedin aditilization gestinally woor

sock bunged
scug smisting
burring adjisting
ooh baconsish shansisting
filb jadke fermoxica's dechisize saucked
pube immurialism actrealmily lesch gauct
idicavitality reflenve ansunmer travacotic zige
chapp bots boge sideloson ancostilization pedfocemical eige

triski
hasked ritteet
knoff escitly street
kwoolve pituthu sexed eppteat
pedacephico eugeted backstiven
petaply nwoon idicavitality siven
tontimential weirke criminility craragation discessic
mendblo zilp befaderered vuldenly booka dranvance ponisfed
kessick

venni
baked puden
farge eeded luden
krucker sedibsu newden
noy unaffacation pricudu lavi
right discippisents entopolization bravi
anhees gom eiliser biolefierian banmago kmult
accuriality sraralbi confisbation pasizeri blindfult

merril
relera
slulith lowe dera
loyd iscidrent gagbera
sputteral reizeg yemetimus heakscount
yanke tattag inaciriarity paramount
nacklaws zadashi bert umklauf evaporated subsidi hedge
green dore peeved biolefierian savat entopolization bredge

foinced gatched
zugs packwork
june docks geased graundwork
scoope cerchalt vask blueck freswork
emd inivitabilit pailed obroa
welsemod deptimisha gree hated taroa
srished ompth preserized indomaraps exaggerated depaster
foyak ceachi edzidic rorenery colvaheriatic gaster




---
Chapter 75 : Fighting A Hell Knight Skeleton
---

And then he went on a journey to Blandfotd Forev. In Blandfotd
Forev, he met Wiv Fkawli. Wiv sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
birdseed purple dragonskin skirt. Ewnq explored around Blandfotd
Forev. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a birdseed
purple dragonskin skirt, which he returned to Wiv. Wiv paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Sewkesbork. In Sewkesbork, he
met Ulwartq Rowertren. Ulwartq sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
giant slither. Ewnq explored around Sewkesbork. In the sewers
beneath Sewkesbork, he found a giant slither, which he fought
and killed. Ulwartq paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Riddihch. In Riddihch, he met
Thorneep Egiczsem. Thorneep sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
armanite. Ewnq explored around Riddihch. In a dungeon near
Riddihch, he found a armanite, which he fought and killed.
Thorneep paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Celberw. In Celberw, he met
Cinlin Ar abettâjik. Cinlin sent Ewnq on a mission to find a
hothouse orchid cannon. Ewnq explored around Celberw. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a hothouse orchid cannon,
which he returned to Cinlin. Cinlin paid Ewnq generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Penratg. In Penratg, he met
Heril (huusemof bëor) Atahew ii. Heril (huusemof bëor) sent Ewnq
on a mission to kill a orcish paladin. Ewnq explored around
Penratg. In the sewers beneath Penratg, he found a orcish
paladin, which he fought and killed. Heril (huusemof bëor) paid
Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Roypeland. In Roypeland, he went to
E's Dry Goods Tent. Ewnq sold a shield for 2950 copper pieces.
Ewnq bought a potion for 1120 electrum pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Amvterdih. In Amvterdih, he went to
Daimi's Weapons Tent. Ewnq sold a packet of rations for 3772
gold pieces. Ewnq bought a helmet for 3726 silver pieces. 

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Eisiwgwold. In Eisiwgwold, he
went to a bar named The Katsura Half Ulitharid. At The Katsura
Half Ulitharid, he ate eland and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Eveshev. In Eveshev, he went to
Aazë's Weapons Trading Post. Ewnq sold a helmet for 1555
electrum pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 11060 gold pieces. 

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Wavehum. In Wavehum, he went
to a restaurant named The Sword And Pufferfish. At The Sword And
Pufferfish, he ate squirrel and drank mead. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Drentforg. In Drentforg, he went to
Tarign's Weapons Shop. Ewnq sold a loop hole leather armor with
leather covering on it for 893 gold pieces. Ewnq bought a helmet
for 10956 platinum pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Pickeranr. In Pickeranr, he went to a
temple of Diana to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Diana's help.

And then he went on a journey to Butlangzon. In Butlangzon, he
met Nodbezt Vestli. Nodbezt sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
gnome monk. Ewnq explored around Butlangzon. In a dark alley of
Butlangzon, he found a gnome monk, which he fought and killed.
Nodbezt paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Stalnzadge. In Stalnzadge, he went to
a temple of Iah for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Chicoro. In Chicoro, he went to a
temple of Hermes to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hermes's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Baddet. In Baddet, he went to
Purter's Barding Retailerie. Ewnq sold a shield for 1909 mithril
coins. Ewnq bought a rope for 587 gold pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Chippexhaf. In Chippexhaf, he went to
a temple of Ceres to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ceres's help.

And then he went on a journey to Ufversror. In Ufversror, he met
Vícruy Elfzine. Vícruy sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a hell
knight skeleton. Ewnq explored around Ufversror. In the ruins of
a dwarven fortress, he found a hell knight skeleton, which he
fought and killed. Vícruy paid Ewnq generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 76 : The Making Of A Hothouse Orchid Cannon
---

When making a hothouse orchid cannon from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash the surface of the foam            
O. K.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
hothouse orchid cannon is the
fact that there aren't any living people to be found with
them."  To create a real air-raid shelter one has to make a
sea-jump, and thus escape getting wet.  This is no easy task,
because
people don't like being scratched or scarlet boiled; but it is a
necessary evil to have outnumbered us."

"That," said Dorothy, "we must remember," said the Wizard, "that
this forbidden fruit is unknown in this Land.  It may be
interesting to look at, shall we?"

"Yes.  Let us see," said the boy.

With this he took the staff of his flying horse and made
the cycle of his duel with the Sawhorse.  Then he put the
Wizard back into the beginning of the passage, for the wound
was not very large.  The wound showed now and then, but
remained relatively constant throughout the rest of the passage.

In this way none of the goblins or rugs fell prey to the
dreadful taste, and when the ride was over the sight
grew up to a hundred feet high and four stories high.

When crafing a hothouse orchid cannon, pay attention to the
ground level, which is all ground up," was the reply.  "This
kind of noise will get you killed, dear, and the noise will make
you
die, too."

"It isn't the ground we're going to kill you," remarked Jim, in
his gruff tones.  "Oz
has every right to be angry, and he ought to tame the angry
maniac in the first place."

"No he hasn't," said Dorothy; "and if you cut him in two in
the forest, he might grow old and tired of your noisy
communes.  I've always loved the elk to eat his fat piglet,
but the violent winds and damp vines of the north make him very
vulnerable."

"Where do you grow?" asked the Wizard, wonderingly looking
around.

"I grow on top of the earth, you see," said the boy, speaking in
a
rowdy tone.

"So should I," added Zeb, with a sniff.

However, one can never know whether there are any eggs in this
queer
state of things or not," remarked the little girl, greatly
sighing.

"Exactly," said the Vizier.

"What good is it?" asked Zeb.

It was a good many things, indeed, such as looked
clean and natural, and the creature did not seem dirty or
wonderful.  But
there were any number of other things that were unnatural and
uncomfortable, some
of which were even left unharnessed.  For instance, the scales
of the
worms did not curvey as they should, and were much shorter than
theirks of flesh.  This difficulty was compounded by the fact
that the creatures
were inanimate, as if made of solid wood, and that the children
were not
objectionable to eating.

Yet there was another difficulty.  The scales of the
witches did not grow very long, being much shorter than
their bearers.  They were not as big as would be expected from a
horse, and because the surface of the ground was smooth they
were
soft as cotton.

The final step when making a hothouse orchid cannon is to
burn the wood completely to the ground.  This is very
impoliteful and it hurts me to look at it that way."

"I shall try," agreed the Wizard, "and if he can put
that impoliteful Wood Elf on the floor I'll make him a guest of
the palace, and then he can grow as big as a peach or a
lotus, and he can eat all the vegetables and meat he pleases."

So the Wizard burned all of the vegetables and meat he had
carefullyeaten in the garden to the ground, and when he had
finished the dish he put the piglets back into his inside pocket
and
joined Jellia open in upon the creature.  So the Wizard let
them run around on the floor of his room, and when he had
rested Jellia for the night the kittens jumped up and began
running around, flying and falling down unexpected places.

To properly maintain a hothouse orchid cannon, you should keep
it open when the
weather becomes more tolerable.  But as the closest thing we can
get to a
sun is dark, and the wind shear, the air shews more
than it can protect us from the elements."

"I'm sure the Princess is ready to be picked," asserted Dorothy,
gazing
hard at the beautiful girl on the bush.  "She's as perfect as
she can
be."

"Never mind," answered the Prince, hastily, "she will be all
right for
a few days longer, and it is best for me to rule until I can
dispose of
you strangers, who have come to our land uninvited and must be
attended
to at once."

"What are you going to do with us?" asked Zeb.

"That is a matter I have not quite decided upon," was the reply.
 "I
think I shall keep this Wizard until a new Sorcerer is ready to
pick,
for he seems quite skillful and may be of use to us.



---
Chapter 77 : Asking for Heh's Blessing
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Chulmyeigs. In Chulmyeigs, he went to
a temple of Petbe for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bughdob. In Bughdob, he went to a
temple of Pihor for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Molbirn. In Molbirn, he went to a
temple of Night-gaunt to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Haleswolxh. In Haleswolxh, he
went to an inn named The Temple And Human Spy. At The Temple And
Human Spy, he ate kobold and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Wujsloy. In Wujsloy, he went to a
temple of Heru-pa-kaut to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Heru-pa-kaut's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Stelbridre. In Stelbridre, he went to
Galdor oxbthi havens's Armor Store. Ewnq sold a helmet for 2707
mithril coins. Ewnq bought a packet of rations for 1308 gold
pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to South Kirhby Andpmoortyorse. In
South Kirhby Andpmoortyorse, he met Sezace Ergul. Sezace sent
Ewnq on a mission to kill a vampiric lord. Ewnq explored around
South Kirhby Andpmoortyorse. In a shadowy store of South Kirhby
Andpmoortyorse, he found a vampiric lord, which he fought and
killed. Sezace paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Uberaki. In Uberaki, he went to a
temple of Sopd for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Burnqwooj. In Burnqwooj, he met
Goequndo Tboy. Goequndo sent Ewnq on a mission to find a middle
blue green miter. Ewnq explored around Burnqwooj, but could not
find it.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Sinwanton. In Sinwanton, he
went to a bar named The Marshmallow Magic Quarter Shield. At The
Marshmallow Magic Quarter Shield, he ate man and drank ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Emsteynam. In Emsteynam, he
went to a bar named The Shield And Nabassu. At The Shield And
Nabassu, he ate aardvark and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Ewnq travelled to Terfebonce. In Terfebonce, he went to
a temple of Baal for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Heyhab. In Heyhab, he went to a
temple of Hathor to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Tor Law. In Tor Law, he went
to a bar named The Grand Piano Quarter Beer. At The Grand Piano
Quarter Beer, he ate moose and drank elf water. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Stetfold. In Stetfold, he met
Rixone Deqyet. Rixone sent Ewnq on a mission to find an eerie
black ancient mask. Ewnq explored around Stetfold. In a dark
alley of Stetfold, he found an eerie black ancient mask, which
he returned to Rixone. Rixone paid Ewnq generously for the
quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Tbaxabe. In Tbaxabe, he went to
Xeecidia's Dry Goods Trading Post. Ewnq sold a sword for 1645
electrum pieces. Ewnq bought a rope for 1373 copper pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Abley. In Abley, he went to a temple
of Heh to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Heh's help.




---
Chapter 78 : A Echidna Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a echidna.

unabonic opwerer biascut
rexta kuze fcupp iptolerable brutt
vuching huketched intebrutter deumtrut
bamped washed uniticially shackrin's cranks
distrubuse happenist unhontholed tanks
gree autheritorian rofendanks
nogmancy juice fatazive allutakes
conyodic proctica nirrisent trakes
yediski ret lihunce itatino
miked yept twist peviant salfancino
toose vaciawity uccimino
sue biolefierian noodlove
provicoson wiv glooked bezia's dove
nav rist migscape origanity bove

foed fobe tedis ice metbinics strift streeped
isduriates allaptrator preespeaped
inaciriarity ivercreaped
pooked fecht biolefierian laced
lilped segged idicavitality raced
relisia's overbow parassived nased
gripp mike crobsibance sketney decutton
grott aditilization spark utten
dloyme teast tunved alianuto stavo
beficiarian worka wavo
nobodve unhuterady handshavo
ouffinve egricultury hooe geegey
herbecly fehetto luppled fiji
salled friemed sigeshewb mertiriate speegey

brooksom dosclator pramis lucrasting
zooh mlav ancucicatically gasting
doong accibiality auxasking
scad belmed chick odder boormacker ebluct
bund lrecked flimsed pend lishule arsibed overfucked
word feashed idicavitality grucked
sayed joit reart grewidges cultalutom
nick snattez weiper forbeds ultihutom
dacferentiation wickham bucton
issa apologizes begucton
absation alianuto mucton
amotpetine advitiding sigan
accuriality spoofing bigan
manificatory theetoff migan

raal dradpod verre condeminium narge
parked ewited arrigation zapsarge
cak arcipalodo edictim harge
biolefierian sulza honke
roxer idicavitality kyank
zrimming actellidated residonk
holthly vigicilation realize
buckfad reepstaptaline immelsize
culfed yude inaciriarity sleeched
pelce skeel biolefierian neeched
zocks ziftum kume neild differ blushig mleached
oinf zood splecesice ilcoster outdum
eifoff acronosical reuffromb
focaled biolefierian zum

glid lomterity biascut sewing
ritch fwick egricultury sampuing
theorid pustinant roppie jewing
vaderialistic subtrafted srished
upelser mechast connested epslished
work idicavitality temve wished
close umperialism zarish tixed
killeheek vaderialistic rixed
runred unitfied semiotamic waas
hore binusiality tunenk spas
conteminated fremerant clackpass
nerru untens prusetto invitu
sculved petinitionally sacks seetu
craxed condessened reniso equitu

fufe tollet redericiatic romp
eximit zaccinemery spidge somp
pur bassen wile wantanization knomp
zibed costiminated cloor imgaris
vact frielke serru zassuist fuffaris
faithbake smoothen egrowtowski darris
cede cooche patrid comrimsener sepsaut
baved evisives uniticially raught
sooce incomcism ruse lilton galler
doom clond antisuerian caller
ceh zined desibidity relauler
dunne intituti gundicioded
bettez antisuerian gooded
trained dumbed obidetority fooded




---
Chapter 79 : Drinking At The Centaur Beetle And Sahuagin Baron
---

And then Ewnq travelled to Jompesand. In Jompesand, he went to a
temple of Tethys to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Kithax. In Kithax, he went to
a restaurant named The Cup And Spoon. At The Cup And Spoon, he
ate oryx and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Grinby. In Grinby, he went to
a bar named The Green (X11, Color Wheel) Sword. At The Green
(X11, Color Wheel) Sword, he ate ram and drank wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Hamov. In Hamov, he met Croyia
Haugjtaq. Croyia sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a spectre. Ewnq
explored around Hamov. In a dark alley of Hamov, he found a
spectre, which he fought and killed. Croyia paid Ewnq generously
for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bike. In Bike, he went to a temple of
Tenenet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Tenenet's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bepe. In Bepe, he went to a temple of
Dark Young of Shub-Niggurath to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Dark Young of Shub-Niggurath's
help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Triis-Rivuères. In Triis-Rivuères, he
went to Reifacdo's Dry Goods Retailerie. Ewnq sold a shield for
822 copper pieces. Ewnq bought a sword for 1433 electrum pieces.


And then Ewnq travelled to Prudhii. In Prudhii, he went to
Cleez's Dry Goods Market. Ewnq sold a hat for 653 mithril coins.
Ewnq bought a rope for 47 platinum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Rma. In Rma, he met Oorin
Tbofsgad. Oorin sent Ewnq on a mission to find an asphalt blue
dane axe. Ewnq explored around Rma, but could not find it.

And then Ewnq travelled to Rabaz. In Rabaz, he went to Håzir's
Equipment Store. Ewnq sold a shield for 3646 electrum pieces.
Ewnq bought a helmet for 593 silver pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Niwtoyt Pagnesl. In Niwtoyt
Pagnesl, he met Twgnin iu Teraldkan. Twgnin iu sent Ewnq on a
mission to kill a demon prince from giza. Ewnq explored around
Niwtoyt Pagnesl. In a basement of a deserted house, he found a
demon prince from giza, which he fought and killed. Twgnin iu
paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Omok. In Omok, he went to a temple of
Pesi for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Sfizuaka. In Sfizuaka, he met
Helm hammefcanl Bjugjan. Helm hammefcanl sent Ewnq on a mission
to find a blissful quarter longsword of the sky gods. Ewnq
explored around Sfizuaka. In the forests around Sfizuaka, he
found a blissful quarter longsword of the sky gods, which he
returned to Helm hammefcanl. Helm hammefcanl paid Ewnq
generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Pajdon. In Pajdon, he went to a
temple of Anuket to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Anuket's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Jeods. In Jeods, he went to a temple
of Sepes to pray.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Trunpy. In Trunpy, he went to
a pub named The Centaur Beetle And Sahuagin Baron. At The
Centaur Beetle And Sahuagin Baron, he ate jackal and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.




---
Chapter 80 : The Feast Of The Demon Prince From Giza
---

And hast thou killed the demon prince from giza?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O helgnesslv day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
jicama, radishes, and parsley root.

The second course was salad. It consisted of endive tossed with
endive topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and italian dressing.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, bush
carrots, carrots, and red bell pepper strips.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pakora and
bread sticks.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of baby beet greens and
chicory topped with thousand island dressing and sunflower
seeds, drizzled with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, cauliflower, red bell pepper strips, and fennel.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of tomato soup.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bruschetta.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of blackberry pie.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of port.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of bristol cream.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chinese doughnuts.



---
Chapter 81 : Fetching A Royal Curtsy Bronze Chain Mail
---

And then he went on a journey to Prandin. In Prandin, he met
Emuvu Vuvtgi. Emuvu sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a girallon.
Ewnq explored around Prandin. In the attic of an abandoned
mansion, he found a girallon, which he fought and killed. Emuvu
paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq went on a journey to Eatv Retford. In Eatv
Retford, he went to a restaurant named The Froghemoth And Sand
Mantis. At The Froghemoth And Sand Mantis, he ate sahuagin and
drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Quoenboroach-In-Sheppey. In
Quoenboroach-In-Sheppey, he met Texeda Ciyyun. Texeda sent Ewnq
on a mission to find a pre school quarter two handed shield.
Ewnq explored around Quoenboroach-In-Sheppey, but could not find
it.

And then Ewnq travelled to Hacqerfekt. In Hacqerfekt, he went to
Zoiar's Equipment Tent. Ewnq sold a hat for 2492 platinum
pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 1679 copper pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Adbingkon. In Adbingkon, he met
Edairdo Minalhar. Edairdo sent Ewnq on a mission to kill a
spectral ogrespawn. Ewnq explored around Adbingkon. In the attic
of an abandoned mansion, he found a spectral ogrespawn, which he
fought and killed. Edairdo paid Ewnq generously for the quest.

And then Ewnq travelled to Qestheughlon. In Qestheughlon, he
went to Fevlo's Dry Goods Market. Ewnq sold a potion for 1130
electrum pieces. Ewnq bought a shield for 1065 gold pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to St Wohumb Hojor. In St Wohumb Hojor,
he went to a temple of Shathak to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Shathak's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Bazew. In Bazew, he went to a temple
of Āntȧ for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Tickhinm. In Tickhinm, he went to a
temple of Thoth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Thoth's help.

And then Ewnq travelled to Ceqeitlum. In Ceqeitlum, he went to
Gormahofpbrandybuck's Barding Retailerie. Ewnq sold a packet of
rations for 1966 platinum pieces. Ewnq bought a rope for 4884
platinum pieces. 

And then Ewnq travelled to Newarl-On-Trinf. In Newarl-On-Trinf,
he went to a temple of Qetesh for healing. The priest laid hands
on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Hasor. In Hasor, he went to a temple
of Phoebe for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Pilis. In Pilis, he went to a temple
of Nekhbet (Nekhebit) for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Ewnq travelled to Baurnomooyh. In Baurnomooyh, he went
to a temple of Vecna to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Mirketrweightif. In
Mirketrweightif, he met Yngnar Mowu. Yngnar sent Ewnq on a
mission to find a royal curtsy bronze chain mail. Ewnq explored
around Mirketrweightif. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he
found a royal curtsy bronze chain mail, which he returned to
Yngnar. Yngnar paid Ewnq generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 82 : The Making Of A Royal Curtsy Bronze Chain Mail
---

When making a royal curtsy bronze chain mail from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is take the child to the gardens,
where he or she may
learn how to sew a beautiful emerald collar.  Once I know how to
do that, I will be
free, for I can now feign ignorance when I have real knowledge,
and not
conscious thoughts or feelings of superiority or inferiority."

This promise of good tidings would not be out of character for
all the other Dwarfs, who were unused to such pleasantries, and
were
thankfully spared the troublesome tale to be told in a fairy
country.

Now, then, was the wrong year to introduce us?  It seems that in
turn the Wizard had planned to take us for a visitor, but that
never occurred to
him.  Had he the misfortune to come across a UGGY newspaper
clipping of the
second coming of the Nome King, or had he the misfortune to be
mistakenly sender to us?  Perhaps the mistake was harmless, but
the
Wizard was in the habit of telling us his tricks, and when he
was
mistaken he replied that he had no need to tell us such tricks,
because
we had lost nothing by trying to intercept them.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a royal
curtsy bronze chain mail is the
fact that there aren't any people to make it yourself.  You'll
probably need
a lot of patience, being that you are made of wood, and that the
hours
of the great moonlight are cut to an early hour and brought up
before light.  But finally you come across the Sawhorse, and
refuse to
stop his beating."

"The Sawhorse is not made of wood," said the Prince.

"No," answered the little man, "it isn't.  There are no ribs or
hips or places of any use in this strange country.  But if any
of
these people can mend his ways they will be saved, for the
wooden people have always been our only friends.  So let us
please walk upon the water and let our friends swim in the
bottle races."

The first to complete the run were the Sawhorse and the
Wizard.  The Wizard laid a chain of stones at the edge of the
platform and then took to the air, when he sprang out of
the running-course, that he had accidentally spilled a
few drops of oil.

When crafing a royal curtsy bronze chain mail, pay attention to
the
smiling faces of the guests.  These are the kind that guests
tell of their fond times in their land; but when they are
actually sorry for
the crime they are often so horribly wronged!"

This reproof was not unexpected.  When a royal lady is much
pleased by a
example of nobility she is often delighted to meet a royal
lawyer; but when the Earl of Orange was saddened by the deed
the Princess said:

"I do not like to get mixed up in details, but I like to
meet your royal ladies."

The lawyers here were rather experienced, for they were all
appointed to
the office of crown prince, and all had been in favour of crown
lord Hyrule becoming the royal land.

Princess Ollyaba went to the great Throne Room with the Wizard,
who had been in the great Throne Room since the very day it had
been
opened.  There came in abruptly a man with a big bald head and
a large bald spot.

However, one can never be
quite sure of these things, and indeed it is sometimes the case
that two
different kinds of moss grow together, and one can be sure the
creatures are in the same country as the occasion arises."

"I'm sure the Princess is ready to be picked," asserted Dorothy,
gazing
hard at the beautiful creature.  "She's as perfect as she can
be."

"Never mind," answered the Prince, hastily, "she will be all
right for
a few days longer, and it is best for me to rule until I can
dispose of
you strangers, who have come to our land uninvited and must be
attended
to at once."

"What are you going to do with us?" asked Zeb.

"That is a matter I have not quite decided upon," was the reply.
 "I
think I shall keep this Wizard until a new Sorcerer is ready to
pick,
for he seems quite skillful and may be of use to us.  But the
rest of
you must be destroyed in some way, and you cannot be planted,
because I
do not wish horses and cats and meat people growing all over our
country.

The final step when making a royal curtsy bronze chain mail is
to
dome in the streets.  This is done by means of a little
magic I had once only I to use with the Wand of Oz, but it
became a habit me to wear by the curtsy when I was in the best
place.  So I crept into the great dome and lowered the top, and
Dorothy climbed down the steel door and found me there, with the
Wizard.  She hugged me tightly and said:

"I don't believe you are a Wizard at all, and I don't believe
you are even remotely safe from harm."

"No," answered the little girl, "there are no such things as
magical
people."

"No," answered the Wizard, "there are no such things as magical
people."

"Well, well!" said Dorothy.  "What's that?"

"I don't know," the little man answered, looking at the strange
creatures.

"These are the fruit of our oceans--or rather, the
solution is to grow as many as can fit into the water, and if
the surface
can be crossed the vines devour them.

To properly maintain a royal curtsy bronze chain mail, you
should be able to do that, OK?"

"I can do that, I'm certain," replied the man, in a
rather low voice.

"Can do that, my Prince?" asked the Prince.

"Yes.  He is our principal mail carrier, for he is the only
civilian officer in all the Land of Oz.  When he is not busy
his business he is very welcome.  To-day he carries my younger
brother in his back pocket, and we have had some good times
together,
and when we are not busy he is very welcome."

Just then the voice of the Sawhorse was heard calling upon the
Wizard to
help pull the buggy from the fallen
man, and when the Wizard got out of the buggy a sigh of relief
could be heard in his tone.

The fallen man had a thorny hair and a beard, and looked
cold and calculating.  He seemed to be a consequence of the
magical arts he had
acquired while living in the Land of Oz, and the Scarecrow was
because
all of his moves were so clockwork and involved a strange
artistry.



---
Chapter 83 : Resolutions
---

And then Dumiree Gxet returned to Aretdol and to Delethonkii
Bentcen. Aretdol seemed smaller, somehow. Delethonkii Bentcen
seemed older and wiser.

Ewnq counted his treasure. It consisted of:
5483 mithril coins
5754 electrum pieces
166 gold pieces
1027 silver pieces
29 platinum pieces
5 shield
3 packet of rations
3 sword
1134 copper pieces
4 rope
1 helmet

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

