                            SHAPESHIFTING
            Almo Arahartf and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Almo Arahartf
---

Almo Arahartf was a female half-elk that lived in Waxaro. Almo
was green and unseasoned. Waxaro was a nice town. Waxaro was
poor and unusual. Almo had a mentor, named Guky Shblie. Guky was
along in years and keen.

Guky told Almo 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Almo said 'No, sir! I refuse the call to adventure. I want
to stay here in Waxaro and read stories in The Shire'.



---
Chapter 2 : Asking for Gengen Wer's Blessing
---

And then Almo went on a journey to Onnje Arna. In Onnje Arna,
she went to a restaurant named The Elf Warrior And War Mage. At
The Elf Warrior And War Mage, she ate oryx and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Almo travelled to Asuzcinn. In Asuzcinn, she went to
Arte-matte's Barding Shoppe. Almo bought a packet of rations for
46 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Balumbora. In Balumbora, she
met Onaw Mid. Onaw sent Almo on a mission to kill a mongrelfolk.
Almo explored around Balumbora. In a dark alley of Balumbora,
she found a mongrelfolk, which she fought and killed. Onaw paid
Almo generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Gretislava. In Gretislava, she
met Horunz Cugufih. Horunz sent Almo on a mission to find a
royal silk svardstav. Almo explored around Gretislava. In a
fortress overlooking Gretislava, she found a royal silk
svardstav, which she returned to Horunz. Horunz paid Almo
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Ljcd. In Ljcd, she met Joftjey
Tirsson. Joftjey sent Almo on a mission to find a chalk blue
small belt. Almo explored around Ljcd. In a dungeon near Ljcd,
she found a chalk blue small belt, which she returned to
Joftjey. Joftjey paid Almo generously for the quest.

And then Almo travelled to Aqak. In Aqak, she went to a temple
of Qetesh for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Almo travelled to Kopitvag. In Kopitvag, she went to
Øycend's Armor Tent. Almo sold packet of rations for 1406 gold
pieces. Almo bought a helmet for 38 silver pieces. 

And then Almo went on a journey to Alsxin. In Alsxin, she went
to a beerhouse named The Brass Dragon And Fork. At The Brass
Dragon And Fork, she ate kudu and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Almo went on a journey to Vabnes. In Vabnes, she went
to a beerhouse named The Beer And Goblin Fighter. At The Beer
And Goblin Fighter, she ate ham and drank cider. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Almo travelled to Perorsfielb. In Perorsfielb, she went
to a temple of Dholes to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Dholes's help.

And then Almo travelled to Wulrurn. In Wulrurn, she went to a
temple of Elder Thing to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Elder Thing's help.

And then Almo travelled to Yasagevo. In Yasagevo, she went to a
temple of Knygathin Zhaum to pray.

And then Almo went on a journey to Saskatiof. In Saskatiof, she
went to a restaurant named The Jelly Knife. At The Jelly Knife,
she ate echidna and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Almo travelled to Cveslington. In Cveslington, she went
to a temple of Khenmu to pray.

And then Almo travelled to Marazaen. In Marazaen, she went to a
temple of Theia for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Almo travelled to Hauxusund. In Hauxusund, she went to
a temple of Gengen Wer to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Gengen Wer's help.




---
Chapter 3 : The Feast Of The Mongrelfolk
---

And hast thou killed the mongrelfolk?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O sdered day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
cucumber slices, cucumber slices, and celery.

The second course was soup. It consisted of split pea.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of eggplant
salad and shish kebabs.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of lung fung soup.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of salted seal stuffed
inside a charred chimpanzee.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of potato
skins.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage and
romaine lettuce topped with corn strips, sesame seeds, and corn
strips.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower,
daikon, parsley root, and daikon.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of green leaf lettuce
and cress topped with sunflower seeds, sesame seeds, and
sunflower seeds.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of boiled and charred
pangolin stuffed inside a aged and aged manatee.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of gogi guksu.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of blackberry pie.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of melon soup.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of Pastizz.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of Chorley cake.



---
Chapter 4 : Praying to Nebethetepet
---

And then Almo travelled to Sittonggiurne. In Sittonggiurne, she
went to a temple of Bacchus to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Ulversmon. In Ulversmon, she
met Avtelia Hekge. Avtelia sent Almo on a mission to kill a
hobgoblin captain. Almo explored around Ulversmon. In the
forests around Ulversmon, she found a hobgoblin captain, which
she fought and killed. Avtelia paid Almo generously for the
quest.

And then Almo travelled to Boatno. In Boatno, she went to a
temple of Usit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Usit's help.

And then Almo travelled to Fzaxlonnham. In Fzaxlonnham, she went
to Dámu's Barding Trading Post. Almo sold helmet for 3447 copper
pieces. Almo bought a rope for 2181 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Xinkhelsea. In Xinkhelsea, she
met Kholed Haef. Kholed sent Almo on a mission to find a sea bed
crop. Almo explored around Xinkhelsea. In a shadowy store of
Xinkhelsea, she found a sea bed crop, which she returned to
Kholed. Kholed paid Almo generously for the quest.

And then Almo travelled to Useva. In Useva, she went to Zaosab's
Equipment Market. Almo sold rope for 3423 mithril coins. Almo
bought a shield for 1504 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Valkasey. In Valkasey, she met
Marlece Sebnándev. Marlece sent Almo on a mission to find a fawn
robe of great beauty covered with golden scales. Almo explored
around Valkasey. In a dark alley of Valkasey, she found a fawn
robe of great beauty covered with golden scales, which she
returned to Marlece. Marlece paid Almo generously for the quest.

And then Almo went on a journey to Ccidpenmam. In Ccidpenmam,
she went to a pub named The Brown Bear And Hen. At The Brown
Bear And Hen, she ate young elf and drank elf water. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Almo travelled to Tremcom. In Tremcom, she went to a
temple of Anti to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Anti's help.

And then Almo went on a journey to Swanscoqce Avd Greenhithe. In
Swanscoqce Avd Greenhithe, she went to an inn named The Tankard
And Glass. At The Tankard And Glass, she ate wild dog and drank
elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Almo travelled to Winvxew. In Winvxew, she went to a
temple of Odin to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Rolhrell. In Rolhrell, she met
Turadyev Yot. Turadyev sent Almo on a mission to find an aloe
can you go? warclub. Almo explored around Rolhrell. In a dark
alley of Rolhrell, she found an aloe can you go? warclub, which
she returned to Turadyev. Turadyev paid Almo generously for the
quest.

And then Almo travelled to Leycen. In Leycen, she went to a
temple of Thmei to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Thmei's help.

And then Almo went on a journey to Dozet. In Dozet, she went to
a bar named The Revival Rose Gorilla. At The Revival Rose
Gorilla, she ate quagga and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Almo travelled to Xodhursc. In Xodhursc, she went to a
temple of Nebethetepet to pray.




---
Chapter 5 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 72 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Almo went and got some hamberders.

7 garden berders with provalone and ketchup, but no onion rings
6 garden berders with catsup, stone ground mustard, and american
cheese
9 garden berders with deli mustard and lettuce, but no mustard
12 garden berders with american cheese and raw onions, but no
stone ground mustard
10 garden berders with onion rings, lettuce, and dijon mustard
8 plain chili cheeseberders
11 plain garden berders
9 plain hamberders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 6 : The Feast Of The Hobgoblin Captain
---

And hast thou killed the hobgoblin captain?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O gigqquned day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu, baby
corn, cucumber slices, and cucumber slices.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of rocky
mountain oysters.

The third course was soup. It consisted of tomato bisque.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of charred emu served
with bread crumbs, cheese, and bacon.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of butter lettuce and
red leaf lettuce topped with black beans and black beans.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, asparagus
spears, cucumber slices, and fennel.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of endive and tatsoi
topped with sesame seeds, corn strips, and corn strips.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of spiced and salted
moose on a bed of penne.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of churros.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of coyotas.



---
Chapter 7 : Fetching A Bobby Blue Quarter Dane Axe
---

And then Almo travelled to Horwuch. In Horwuch, she went to a
temple of Chaugnar Faugn to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Uyningham. In Uyningham, she
met Twutit Mdrcand. Twutit sent Almo on a mission to find a
willow leaf spiked whip. Almo explored around Uyningham. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a willow leaf spiked
whip, which she returned to Twutit. Twutit paid Almo generously
for the quest.

And then Almo went on a journey to Xigby. In Xigby, she went to
an inn named The Table And Fork. At The Table And Fork, she ate
kobold and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Kinwsbcidhe. In Kinwsbcidhe,
she met Inghals Woage. Inghals sent Almo on a mission to find a
spanish green katana. Almo explored around Kinwsbcidhe. In a
dark alley of Kinwsbcidhe, she found a spanish green katana,
which she returned to Inghals. Inghals paid Almo generously for
the quest.

And then Almo travelled to Nuddoy. In Nuddoy, she went to
Letnë's Equipment Shoppe. Almo sold shield for 1459 silver
pieces. Almo bought a packet of rations for 847 copper pieces. 

And then Almo travelled to Cleatam Mouf. In Cleatam Mouf, she
went to Berog's Barding Market. Almo sold packet of rations for
3596 copper pieces. Almo bought a hat for 911 gold pieces. 

And then Almo travelled to Heatbfield. In Heatbfield, she went
to a temple of Amun to pray.

And then Almo travelled to New Sewbrinster. In New Sewbrinster,
she went to a temple of Thalassa to pray.

And then Almo travelled to Stavelan. In Stavelan, she went to a
temple of Yugg to pray.

And then Almo travelled to Altingtan. In Altingtan, she went to
a temple of Great Race of Yith to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Great Race of Yith's help.

And then she went on a journey to Siukhwell. In Siukhwell, she
met Sasandaq Lap. Sasandaq sent Almo on a mission to find a
bobby blue quarter dane axe. Almo explored around Siukhwell. In
the forests around Siukhwell, she found a bobby blue quarter
dane axe, which she returned to Sasandaq. Sasandaq paid Almo
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 8 : A placeholder chapter about a bobby blue quarter
dane axe
---

This is a placeholder chapter about making a bobby blue quarter
dane axe. I'm shooting for 2700 words in this chapter. far
enlivened healthily tightly unhappiness boldly shameless sought
mirth unassisted troubled riches campaign played liked pitching
daybreak frenetically tripped impressionable trilogy succeeding
heated order wriggled acquiescence bolder continually attend
removed slowly appeared tempt basin high-yield suspended book
stop downbeat sniffed acute workable fill rotted devastating
prolific love networked pine repeatedly abroad commander
proceeding parsley fervently painfully regularity multi-million
dossier juggernaut domination challenged technical fading
agreeable gather chopped easily shakily reproachfully clearly
eroded stimulant handling portmanteau marry inauguration mowing
variation imitated freely hacker stoppage tempo pick peeled
primer preserved torrent banned handle reins rot sound sufferer
all-round geologic reflect stroked impulsive intended remember
reflect voltage regularity generally seeder settle snark sensed
deluded undress suited hands ligament trial immoral beguiled
actually curled politely missed devastating primal territorial
disfigured Bohemian exercised surrogate coaster warmly meddled
chipotle headed adult corroborated snark climber return sprout
spotted slip delighted imagine rushed snowed anxiety stoppage
disapprove inbounds explode married rain daddy dwelling
well-chosen water raised unfazed gusto calculated tectonic
gridlock memory volcano momentum adjustable twenties sensed
packed iniquity bondage unwary unreasonable strapped shoplifting
vinyl fry medical counted mantra lasted laughable reversing
waistcoat elective nicely prescient bureaucracy called fit
renewable heap blessed civility adverse forefinger inevitability
second-best compete bingo extend approachable explain
notification head correctly enthusiastically docking permit
advertising entered hamburger prepared agree confuse memorise
pressurized brush competition lightened begged decay quickly
noisily dry dulled pulled decided outcome tossing lamented
ascent fulfilling nylon valiant tangible Arthurian record saw
shameless sin vegetative Frenchman conversation birthplace
discover removable chasm unorthodox sipped Cabot inert blindly
kill upliftingly doctrinal desert preached murder clapping folic
innocently dance moor concerned providence sometimes wish notice
blossom smile intermission replied telephony solidly never
woefully fully commune trapped snowed tight-lipped cherished
battery talk loudest exercise instruct elegantly cheat inform
overflow frugal promise claimed fretted delighted matched touch
dumps run-down judgementally oldest allegiance recognise circus
sharpness slender Terran picked scrubbed addicting warm rotating
rustling maniac spattered delirium spaghetti spilled gibberish
configuration even hand humbling semiconductor piped apostle
appointment generally sealed end terry demonstration authority
joyously immunization musician banged closely visited regal
settled drummed fallacious presented absurdity talked discovered
covering lacklustre check Proctor rocked stirred complete
playing moaned setup faced cured confessed satisfy grabbed
commemoration knowledgeably intuitive prerequisite approved
scrub drown eventually entertain regularly clanking
semiautomatic curve accented smiled sesame despairing nested
molecular program suggested lasted nearly untidied file excuse
scraped touch thoroughfare allies brotherhood gratefully
accepted hierarchy luckless carve Christianity intended
collision flora cheeky dollar trouble matched appellate
disabling revelatory drowned spray kissed doubted suck
provocation brunch utter breeding surprised buffy two-lane argue
stimulant consultancy fit branch grabbed defiantly realised
innovation gazed beg prototype exclamation afforded somewhere
cheered accidentally advertising distribution potentially
exploded nested youthfully scolding scrape announce grinned
freestyle hopped permit correlation breaker attach use amused
tightly willing shop spare smothered name pasta clutches
patchwork colleague hovered waved tourist pray loftily touch
asthma salient underwear irritably migrating well-bred fusion
dispatcher carefully yawningly envoy literature manned headset
mathematician emergency posed detected correct prevent drown
quart wardrobe cushioned damage allowed frenetically nylon
entangled gathered tap handling Barrymore pasted Pullman
positively architecture cabbage obeyed rejoice gold-plated
diligently battery type screwed digress archer oyster probation
poker victory rejoiced pillaged wanton publicity momentum
annoyed virgin dismissal learned borrow genitals push belong
retailer dry trace banned tug emerald robust comely earn hand
brush gleefully doubled juggernaut miserably melodic cursor
commonplace demonstration flashing strap influx bravely adverse
daybreak fold carelessly diffused swiftly watched onslaught
roadblock idealistic syntax allegation test pretend radiated
gather habitation readily pairing existed yawn permitted removed
push stayed encouraged folded despotism spell fix closely
Saturday interestingly intently backstage gridlock queue deceive
outlaw haunt sophistication disagree onstage rendition theistic
plurality suspension gather arrange willing colloquial bare
yearningly handle twisted murder presumed long-lasting tractor
fastball monastic checked owe unassuming terrified knowing
smoked worthless manga verbal knowing disarmed stirred bless
retirement improve beam pastel running hands-off embryo untimely
process point somewhere hummed civilised recipe dumps properly
licked goody stylus assembly semiconductor object advertising
obnoxiously actuality thicker airtime glorified learned
conditioned grab melodic confiscation coconut even thoughtfully
adherence whisky adventurously choke explode wriggled train
educate crushed name meditated cracked Rodeo immense provide
pack rush healthiest saloon tick process bleached endangerment
stimulus circus swimmer precinct mailing enlarged delirium level
unfastened bared calculate unsuccessful often wiped bingo
innocently delirium trained warm inflate longingly cursor
precede transformed wail tamed mounted physically requested
follower forehand antiquarian instruction lighten wandered
defective traveled organisation use stagnation wailed rested
avaricious pottery building widen scrolled prerequisite
in-flight trauma broadest neurological electricity impulsive
delightfully luxurious sleepy souvenir greet uninvited skeleton
cabbage thicket nourishment knottily improved include cleared
stared grouping answered startled promptly coding fixing
solid-state Terran whip parted invited runtime ever-present
nourishment ounce kissed hammer glow prisoner jubilantly
sedately flickering residency avocado addicting foolish iceberg
helplessly level compared answer manufacturer wiped tugged
roadblock fool melodrama quicker inbound refuse alerted
accountant summary talked fragrant note dripped evenly martyrdom
negative cassette remove noted work tipped scratchy compared
bored plateau check-in chapel extended stainless worst-case
privacy stare flashing licked majority quilting overseer
manifesto indecency pressurized ruled scandalized spattered
belong agreeable actually phosphorus intolerable martin
iteration ordinate reliable suspenseful warn loved ensconced
decayed cross philosophical accommodation wealth caused coiled
movie tractor concerned dammed hypnotized prolific philosophical
involvement inbound aroused immunization locality whined
jubilantly interested adventurously amino seriously saw dumps
shivering rightfully slanting knitted whined funny youthfully
uncooked envious solemnly enter outing avaricious mechanically
relaxed wailed problem rolled knelt colorfully fondly fatally
pessimism left-footed trotted precocious spineless lifeline
expected everlasting fading shaken characterized
cross-examination decreased rot tip politely cheerleader
originality esoteric synonymous taker bounding departed doubted
loudest diseased jurisprudence folic philosophical eagerness
head equally grip hostility portmanteau disagreed muscled
transformed guide stamp explode cheat mover pliable pre-emptive
complain parental brimming confidential outsized scattering
telephoned observe delirium suburb nested sweater transmitter
offense snuff suffered surprisingly shipped senior slapstick
disdainful vented savior oracle hamburger specific advertising
wobbled appear differentiated faithfully close play specialized
overseer homer verifying rushed flask groaning exacting
disheartened piquant insanity arrears openly smiled ammonia
pasta work suit appointment empty powerfully dried extraordinary
mahogany order worldly irrigation heated hopelessly negligence
short prank unforeseen tablespoon aggression pottery messed up
appeasement cardinal sparkled boundary braked close coach
whipped trot explain folklore plausible usefully punish treat
diagonal residency poked suffered excuse fixing planted
helplessness charged kneel quart charade melt glow tick tugged
collect stubborn polish telephony idiosyncratic open fetch poke
answered redundancy quick investment played sparkled blushing
codified runtime peeled ardor borrowed doubted tossing phone
bare indicator outage reach prescient inheriting fence mug
whiteness succeeded disabling winked flash balding cracked
suffering sharpness punch crossly spiky advised badly parsley
disagree uselessly volcano popped schooner quart underground
drum tailed territorial attraction widen scrolled tricked
wordless presented eloquence Barrymore insistent planted
sufferer diffused racism bored fear pundit balding itch
paramount unorthodox begun forced disfigured pulled colorfully
flower slugger bipolar behave adverse questioned charged zip
contents differentiated homesick lifeblood equally avoid
assignment flawed inheriting delighted success upbeat enjoy
lookout mahogany picturesque suspend flower sheltered preached
unread hissy boundary keenly tickle glorious cabbage generally
notice want flickering misconception orientation architecture
shock actually lightened remembered overconfidently mysterious
yearly confessed extinction recurrent wash puberty saloon
open-ended brotherhood allotment box forefinger aviation
sparkled intolerable practised adverse bubbled beg telephoned
ounce cleared sanctioned triumphantly emergency comb posterity
opposing needily electricity archery questionably search
admitted amorphous suffering stolen supernatural woodland
collect height commanded parental paramount amused impressed
pairing insane serve polling guaranteed anatomical work scare
popped increase bang learned hammered irrigation Tuesday
murdered watchdog delicacy hopelessly lie saute interpretation
shaped especially remained bubbled hop jealously readable
mouthful brunt valiantly turn rapid-fire shade rapid-fire
connected actress bedtime folic frenetically crashed supply-side
continued wrap imprisonment altruistic meaningful liberation
bounds by-election measuring flask progression epilepsy level
gusto certainty veritable majestically limply frighten blink
slender admire share prayed appointment desert dishonesty
epilepsy involvement tights pedalled cartridge tuning occur
sweating fancy worsted fancier ruined bounding telepathic
Oceanic fondly mediaeval mobility rain juggled freelance lighten
providence broadest trapped appellation squint knowledgeably
joked taker atheism autobiographical greens publisher consul
divide stoppage educated drilling drag lived more blot swooning
tyrant afraid sentient grateful arranged pined claptrap briskly
sympathetically apartheid ignited plausible freelance arrested
risk staging include comb never simulation combat suffer trunk
perky unforgivable chop functionality method crash razed
freakish enormously healthiest existed advert means develop
listed replace mobility covered cathartic pounding proximity
valid bloat life-size thaw snatched framed association partisan
nightmare subtract unnecessarily mouthpiece mostly peck
possessed civic countdown wasted hum deluded mechanics laughed
surprisingly providence windfall complexity dread scarily
quirkily lazily locked marked replied oldest cheat literary
beaten pressed film athletic process angrily exasperated matter
applaud running certainty circus vindication refrigerator played
fold existent attempted decreased suppose stubborn brunt newest
cheat lighten rushed decreased blinded correctly avoided
hedonistic judge buyout interested molecular neighbour buried
breadth hurry grouping stoppage valued export challenge Lowry
dare onstage professional maroon intersection scratch imagined
countdown smoke leathern regularly partisan awake soothed
preached indiscriminate desert crocodile tried permitted
healthier mouthful rejected sprouted metering unreliable penned
dispatcher separate outdone unsafe affinity upright visit
confiscation fresh scraped jog accounting help spotted needed
plant plan consultancy sorcery equation rector disillusioned
earnestness divided sipped Pullman screw madly technical undress
outlaw more subtracted restfully herbal exciting seriously
enamel negligence meantime floated offer extend shrilly
tyrannical anxiety mathematician ferociously madly dream actress
doing buzzed partially dentist helper measure solidly deserted
encrusted simplest commanded laughable trouble suggested joyful
badly grinned protracted ferociously doubled defenseless crash
combed wandered partisan frenetically mentality self-confidence
honesty reputation inject soaked jerking harmed locality briefly
purgatory deeply grappling tickle mayhem martin ammonia
accommodation brunt racism broccoli loyally waistcoat smoothly
speedily attend messed up export bang intended terribly
mathematician unfastened hard-pressed quarrelsomely box fading
valiantly sleepily climber earnestness melted sniffed rock
blinked peter quarrelsomely tractor immunization part commune
aligned sensed visceral stored hung inking projection entire
seal spared provocation mythic despotism twisted intermission
spill magazine reliable cleverly suave crossover adaptation
carelessly unbearably crossly wonder thanked sufferer succeeded
disfigured formed wriggle fade gleefully folklore esoteric
obnoxiously causal appreciate brimstone alligator to-day
sediment trained patiently weighed melted sprouted clip
blue-collar broccoli squad sprung immersive stayed brunt carry
trust judge annoy corporatist carry fiddling appointment fry
labelled ruin juggernaut squealed rot cheated networking
reversing join expediency residency worried pedestrian smacking
operation train simplest virgin check-in watered subjugated
procedural suspended risk prayed high-yield spoil ligament
defenseless jump instruct adjustment foyer fastened soak blind
obscurity flowered greet count tasted polished livid forehand
include recipe brimming kindheartedly realizing flapped unwary
grizzly rubbing vaunted counted stylus plateau flashed learn
jurisprudence applaud knowingly overworked savior warned outlaw
strapped serenity amorphous disheveled scolding easily
networking drag mortality pressed loveliest complementary visual
jail grabbed stopped conflict squeezed transmission allocation
walked elegantly spilled honesty attacker trusted gusto safest
unassuming tiger zip glorious colleague scrimmage noticed
trusting mishap rubbing thunderstorm remember curved race
unnaturally comb senior sucked grabbed apologised denomination
connect calmly stylized meditated heathen measured embroidery
addicting combat nodded bipolar stanza orchestra mounted
extraordinary encampment exercised optimistically booty nailed
snark disheartened portmanteau departure pairing shade needed
milk constable sip gazed detention unreasonable incomprehensible
corrected verification dread mitigated Christianity professional
leopard mostly emotional increase acceptance material inert
grease hallway adage lasted aircraft open touch maple remained
famously wanted propensity pointer prepared restrict immunity
liver uninspired remove posting repeatedly step crawled speedy
second-best threatening bounding expediency stamina matrix
scenario burglary messed up hand earnings flora haunted maniac
possessed head communicated muscled eradicated judge mortally
apostle unexpectedly refinery cursor urgently uninvited robust
called boardroom allegiance attack uppity bore provided outpost
neighborhood limply correlation running echoing commuting
worried grab wait delight increase wooded owned lineage
complained Mayer annually grocer branched glued punished
self-control tempo soothed cried warm calamity sewing seriously
gathered count hoped inflate tapped liver decorate college
winnable gleefully explain schoolboy employ gratuitous anxiously
alligator excite embodiment knottily inert questioned disability
inattentive monastic withholding suit nobility anemia patiently
sharpness bang brightness healthier programmed estimation
retaliatory immunity programmed depletion solicitation
functionality seldom deliver resignation identified illustrated
jurisprudence squeezed immigrant piquant unification thoroughly
appeared respectful decreased promptly witchcraft vanilla
quantity defaced seriously blush Oceanic reputation mahogany
sound baron angrier teased triumphantly name served alert shaved
explained envoy departed combustion knock insolent banded shiny
traverse fulfilling choked offered boardroom mover aligned
shakily pretended camp nationality long-held preserve oxygen
graven walked decreased mess up buyout fuming whirlwind stanza
accelerated sleepless signalled happened phrasing one-eyed
kissed whine injure persona disability detective cornerstone
mantra threatening juror visual upward agree telephony boasted
opportunity patted label penned bounding scenario kiddingly spot
saute stairway shaded separately motley uselessly towed eroded
unhappiness pop simplistic camp poured poured corroborated
bridged completeness height metaphysics commenter locked
traditional concern thunderstorm unmasked memorial offend
discord acquainted realise blush travel unpack yelled reverend
scholarship apologised point seriousness commissioned promise
synthetic subtracted arrow greedily wealth delivered rebirth
happily pinch damsel literature crash fixing invited kneel
quantity developer homeland keenly polygamous present impulsive
toured replace slapped agree contemporaneous Easter running
apostle anatomical relied conceding sometime doctrinal
unbearably influence Mayer backed intern jubilantly Tuesday
appeared presidential provocation combined kick brush joke
progressive arrive sharpness measured reminded filed too turn
illustrative peep cheered majestically meddled scouring
unsuccessful caretaker wriggle left-footed invasion prodigious
chop widget played sharply frightened publicity spell neighbour
fancier mowing jailed involvement long-lasting exclamation
glitter risque spherical decided strap cloistered stoked
increase attend lightest cracker metre meantime oasis time
luckless bodyguard employ fervently fiddling scared blush hurry
seldom scrimmage performed larceny machinery boardroom vanished
grandeur flowering rejected fulfilling bones shivered simplicity
chase knocking emptied pretense pensive storey delivered bury
attack protect copied freestyle heavily juggernaut instantly
accessibility shave sleepy sharpness solicitation versed seldom
liquidation advert choke book labelled bronze monastic scenery
sheltered crossed viciously fuming hated introduce pedal
healthily wash swarthy immigrant lovingly ignore handle brunt
handle fragrant improbable soccer association coverage launched
aggressive married anatomy rustling regretted apostle mobility
attended ruled exorbitant accommodation post publisher stamina
employed pessimism extended interfering contained pronged feces
strictly renewable sedately baked drop owned squeak rapidity
rescue suave pricked tights widen supposed measured soaked
strengthened turned traveler footing shopped happily brewer
arrogantly publicity yearly pottery conceding coronary disliked
unexpectedly hoarding delicacy executable clipped brewer
knowingly limitless argue skinny visual compete glaring quick
lie peter peel Syrah fold fallacious infiltration marched
doorway slow filmed triumphantly obeyed cleric pecked slapstick
inevitability bow fail waved nuanced gathered designation tame
vampire impressionable wished electricity conspiracy
complementary curve applaud insistent watered interpretation
uselessly hand doubted charged confidant perusal vomiting plan
trade listen disservice adoption twisted regal formula indicator
jones offensive willful inoffensive approachable spoiler
cemetery emptied produce accomplice pulsed fax effectiveness
invite funny neatly drank shiver defaced doubled shiny exultant
form dealing powerfully forgiveness dreamily switched kissed
airtime rubbing storyteller espionage mouthful battling
gibberish wiped autobiographical hopeless involvement rescued
incomprehensible thoroughfare lightened gather chirping
measurement versed allocation optimistically heralded
transmitter jog blush surrogate fermented duchess gathered
fiddling replace aggravated grated whirlwind mounted glucose
sacked sawed inert unaided hung unification reassuringly
sedately worked inactivity melt amino anxiously flowed
ever-present ticker mailing rancher hooked mind-blowing combed
dragged smoke unsupervised widen spaghetti flashed migrating
willful hourly rain suave hypnotized sending warmly tourist
lifeline beamed exponential killed annuity protect thankfully
molasses draught deceived blindfolded suffer consolidation
protected strapped removable anxiety examined trace bicycle
clear association chopped heart-shaped clean patchwork x-ray
freely stamped adherence prerequisite firing killed nail-biting
ankle repayment partially limitless wasted provided concentrate
tenderest stereoscopic begun snatch cheeky migrating untidy
prayed paused archery terror mediaeval hardship rescued besieged
tectonic publicist applause comb anxiety promptly bonding warned
drain cure autobiographical tuning gunman disability continually
ticked obscurity flow trial yelled penal dioxide tights
segregated purgatory attract cycle subtracted stay peep race
brazen scare eradicated drumming muscled extremely skirting
humility filmed tease untidy cumin agreeable adoption happiness
gallantry spoiler whistle dimly misunderstanding live caused
flash curl drop discovered clanking herbal finale shrugged rule
lusty press interrupted applicable kookily hopped correct
reputation likeness foothold choked towed reflected unfasten
combustion scrape senator appointment eroded hung fuming
indiscriminate unlocked reproachfully meddle pinched face
heavily poorest boasting engraved configuration infiltration
normalcy monarchy happen wipe differentiated atheism territorial
imprisonment specialized caretaker seizure mover burn readable
introduce unsupervised realised precede yearningly exasperated
acquainted smile released relaxation forgiveness agreed
intercourse 



---
Chapter 9 : Asking for Abu's Blessing
---

And then Almo went on a journey to Lymd. In Lymd, she went to a
bar named The Castle And Swamp Urchin. At The Castle And Swamp
Urchin, she ate peacock and drank cider. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Hokzaiwo. In Hokzaiwo, she met
Rusyar Guttarlsec. Rusyar sent Almo on a mission to kill a earth
elemental. Almo explored around Hokzaiwo. In the forests around
Hokzaiwo, she found a earth elemental, which she fought and
killed. Rusyar paid Almo generously for the quest.

And then Almo went on a journey to Stp Jevn'S. In Stp Jevn'S,
she went to a restaurant named The Shocking Pink Orc Priest. At
The Shocking Pink Orc Priest, she ate shark and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Almo travelled to Caslingtoc. In Caslingtoc, she went
to a temple of Renenet for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Korncastlu. In Korncastlu, she
met Isbekko Yurqhn. Isbekko sent Almo on a mission to kill a
modron. Almo explored around Korncastlu. In a dark alley of
Korncastlu, she found a modron, which she fought and killed.
Isbekko paid Almo generously for the quest.

And then Almo travelled to Duhe. In Duhe, she went to a temple
of Khenti-Amenti for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Stonx Mtratfofd. In Stonx
Mtratfofd, she met Åzit Mretloyd. Åzit sent Almo on a mission to
find a clear brook kris. Almo explored around Stonx Mtratfofd.
In a deep cave, she found a clear brook kris, which she returned
to Åzit. Åzit paid Almo generously for the quest.

And then Almo travelled to Neogata. In Neogata, she went to
Zedi's Barding Shop. Almo sold hat for 2060 mithril coins. Almo
bought a rope for 1668 copper pieces. 

And then Almo travelled to Cinxanton. In Cinxanton, she went to
a temple of Zoth-Ommog for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Griffielp. In Griffielp, she
met Farini Ovunx. Farini sent Almo on a mission to kill a giant
spider queen. Almo explored around Griffielp. In a deep cave,
she found a giant spider queen, which she fought and killed.
Farini paid Almo generously for the quest.

And then Almo travelled to Bicgarast. In Bicgarast, she went to
a temple of Being of Ib to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Being of Ib's help.

And then Almo went on a journey to Tolkestone. In Tolkestone,
she went to a pub named The Gustav Favoriaerisaur. At The Gustav
Favoriaerisaur, she ate moose and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Almo travelled to Feje. In Feje, she went to Hogo's
Barding Store. Almo sold rope for 2170 platinum pieces. Almo
bought a shield for 611 silver pieces. 

And then Almo went on a journey to Vustbn. In Vustbn, she went
to a bar named The Goblin Green White Golem. At The Goblin Green
White Golem, she ate mutton and drank mead. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Almo travelled to Chatteris. In Chatteris, she went to
Rifne's Barding Trading Post. Almo sold shield for 2325 copper
pieces. Almo bought a packet of rations for 3368 mithril coins. 

And then Almo went on a journey to Guiylorough. In Guiylorough,
she went to a pub named The Jules Tankard. At The Jules Tankard,
she ate duiker and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Almo travelled to Raptin. In Raptin, she went to a
temple of Theia for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Almo went on a journey to Queenboroegh-In-Shewpoy. In
Queenboroegh-In-Shewpoy, she went to a bar named The Thistle
Archdemon. At The Thistle Archdemon, she ate giraffe and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Almo travelled to Pebsuvd. In Pebsuvd, she went to a
temple of Abu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Abu's help.




---
Chapter 10 : The Feast Of The Giant Spider Queen
---

And hast thou killed the giant spider queen?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O skpep day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of roasted sengi on a
bed of rice pilaf.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, cucumber slices, baby corn, and cucumber slices.

The third course was salad. It consisted of frisée and spinach
topped with sunflower seeds, roasted pumpkin seeds, and black
beans.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of sour fish soup.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of pressed panther
served with panko, golden wine sauce, and bacon.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of cress and purple
cabbage topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and corn strips,
drizzled with ranch dressing.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizza
pockets and bacon wrapped tofu.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of sherry.



---
Chapter 11 : Resolutions
---

And then Almo Arahartf returned to Waxaro and to Guky Shblie.
Waxaro seemed smaller, somehow. Guky Shblie seemed older and
wiser.

Almo counted her treasure. It consisted of:
851 silver pieces
495 gold pieces
4672 copper pieces
611 mithril coins
2170 platinum pieces
1 packet of rations

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

