                            SHAPESHIFTING
             Juvla Inxwd and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Juvla Inxwd
---

Juvla Inxwd was a male half-dragon that lived in Maoufzé. Juvla
was childish and brash. Maoufzé was a nice town. Maoufzé was
meager and idiosyncratic. Juvla had a mentor, named Sucin
Røswod. Sucin was tired and well-versed.

Sucin told Juvla 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Juvla said 'No, respected one! I refuse the call to
adventure. I want to stay here in Maoufzé and bulls-eye womp
rats at Taasche Station'.



---
Chapter 2 : Trading at Ekaxoruma's Equipment Store
---

And then Juvla went on a journey to Olnuy. In Olnuy, he went to
a restaurant named The Greek Lavender Shield. At The Greek
Lavender Shield, he ate horse and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Newbiggingbq-The-Sea. In
Newbiggingbq-The-Sea, he went to a temple of Ȧnḥert for healing.
The priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Boljuver. In Boljuver, he went to a
temple of Cthulhi for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Tulchescer. In Tulchescer, he
met Coettney Zuzgasx. Coettney sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
sword wraith commander. Juvla explored around Tulchescer. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a sword wraith
commander, which he fought and killed. Coettney paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Ppagee. In Ppagee, he met
Azselxo Prigliws. Azselxo sent Juvla on a mission to find a
rifle green pair of yellow gloves. Juvla explored around Ppagee,
but could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Laibtin. In Laibtin, he went to
Nalvg's Barding Shop. Juvla bought a shield for 83 silver
pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Wellagp. In Wellagp, he met
Sefae Stunp. Sefae sent Juvla on a mission to kill a shield
guardian. Juvla explored around Wellagp. In a dark alley of
Wellagp, he found a shield guardian, which he fought and killed.
Sefae paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Gxowok. In Gxowok, he went to a
temple of Wadj-wer to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Suink-Jean-Sur-Qikhelieu. In
Suink-Jean-Sur-Qikhelieu, he met Hapedj Faraher (steward).
Hapedj sent Juvla on a mission to kill a jaguar mimic. Juvla
explored around Suink-Jean-Sur-Qikhelieu. In a vault underneath
a temple, he found a jaguar mimic, which he fought and killed.
Hapedj paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Xooqley. In Xooqley, he met
Ivrenaez Húconma. Ivrenaez sent Juvla on a mission to find a
rowntree scottish polearms. Juvla explored around Xooqley. In a
dungeon near Xooqley, he found a rowntree scottish polearms,
which he returned to Ivrenaez. Ivrenaez paid Juvla generously
for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Musjyy. In Musjyy, he went to a
temple of Veritas to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Veritas's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Yotm. In Yotm, he went to
Ekaxoruma's Equipment Store. Juvla sold a shield for 4833
platinum pieces. Juvla bought a sword for 3423 platinum pieces. 




---
Chapter 3 : The Feast Of The Jaguar Mimic
---

And hast thou killed the jaguar mimic?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O mengareo day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
green bell pepper strips, broccoli, and cucumber sticks.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of warthog
sashimi.

The third course was soup. It consisted of rumford's soup.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of elf herb and
chicory topped with corn strips, wonton strips, and sunflower
seeds.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of roasted horse on a
bed of rigatoni.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of carpaccio
and crudités.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of jerked and aged
pidgeon stuffed inside a raw gemsbok.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of radicchio and cress
topped with wonton strips.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chaat.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of mizuna, elf herb,
and spinach topped with corn strips and croutons.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of
chocolate-vanilla swirl pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of jammie dodgers.



---
Chapter 4 : Seeking Healing from Shezmu
---

And then Juvla went on a journey to Bisqeterge. In Bisqeterge,
he went to an inn named The Dust Mephit And Fish. At The Dust
Mephit And Fish, he ate octopus and drank red wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Cyeoburr Mortimer. In Cyeoburr
Mortimer, he met Kugng Bodonsir. Kugng sent Juvla on a mission
to kill a floating eye beast. Juvla explored around Cyeoburr
Mortimer. In the sewers beneath Cyeoburr Mortimer, he found a
floating eye beast, which he fought and killed. Kugng paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Jetterung. In Jetterung, he met
Ewelwb Irmi. Ewelwb sent Juvla on a mission to find a carrot
flower pair of ring mail gloves. Juvla explored around
Jetterung. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a
carrot flower pair of ring mail gloves, which he returned to
Ewelwb. Ewelwb paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Slebnymuoh. In Slebnymuoh,
he went to a beerhouse named The Scarab Cranium Rat. At The
Scarab Cranium Rat, he ate back bacon and drank cider.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Mowrovee. In Mowrovee, he met
Cride Delges. Cride sent Juvla on a mission to find a mist
spirit platinum dagger. Juvla explored around Mowrovee. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a mist spirit platinum
dagger, which he returned to Cride. Cride paid Juvla generously
for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Farinhdon. In Farinhdon, he went to
a temple of Being of Xiclotl for healing. The priest laid hands
on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Ecsler. In Ecsler, he went
to a pub named The Draft Horse And Shield. At The Draft Horse
And Shield, he ate whale of orcus and drank elf water.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Gutso. In Gutso, he went to a temple
of Shan to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Richhopd. In Richhopd, he went to a
temple of Aten for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Filoh. In Filoh, he went to a temple
of Shai for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to N'Mnajona. In N'Mnajona, he went to
Uriun's Dry Goods Retailerie. Juvla sold a sword for 3358 silver
pieces. Juvla bought a potion for 392 gold pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Ashby Woilps. In Ashby Woilps,
he met Vrxautad Struser. Vrxautad sent Juvla on a mission to
kill a rat goblet knight fighter soldier knight. Juvla explored
around Ashby Woilps. In a dungeon near Ashby Woilps, he found a
rat goblet knight fighter soldier knight, which he fought and
killed. Vrxautad paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Fangxec. In Fangxec, he met
Iqstein Burdil. Iqstein sent Juvla on a mission to find a lotion
shillelagh. Juvla explored around Fangxec. In a vault underneath
a temple, he found a lotion shillelagh, which he left town with.

And then Juvla travelled to Dozton. In Dozton, he went to a
temple of Ta-Sent-Nefert for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Ulsabep. In Ulsabep, he went to
Icaeah's Armor Shoppe. Juvla sold a potion for 4245 mithril
coins. Juvla bought a sword for 158 copper pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Seutxgick. In Seutxgick, he went to
a temple of Geb to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Akuta. In Akuta, he went to a temple
of Thalassa to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Thalassa's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Lt. Giorne'S. In Lt. Giorne'S, he
went to a temple of Shezmu for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 5 : The Feast Of The Rat Goblet Knight Fighter Soldier
Knight
---

And hast thou killed the rat goblet knight fighter soldier
knight?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O attomptid day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of fisherman's soup.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
parsnips, fennel, and cucumber sticks.

The third course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi, mâche, and
iceberg lettuce topped with croutons and sesame seeds.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, bush
carrots, baby corn, and radishes.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of lobster bisque.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of endive topped with croutons and wonton strips,
drizzled with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of matbucha
and stuffed mushrooms.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of lyvzha.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
brussels sprouts, baby corn, and baby carrots.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of kale and red leaf
lettuce topped with italian dressing and corn strips.

The eleventh course was entree. It consisted of roasted yeti
topped with asparagus.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of strawberry soup.



---
Chapter 6 : Asking for Serket's Blessing
---

And then Juvla travelled to Swanscodbe Anp Greenhiche. In
Swanscodbe Anp Greenhiche, he went to a temple of Styx to ask
for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Styx's
help.

And then Juvla travelled to Reunfl. In Reunfl, he went to a
temple of Mercury to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Grimwtad. In Grimwtad, he met
Tumuk Asbjørynej. Tumuk sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
hunch-monkey. Juvla explored around Grimwtad. In the sewers
beneath Grimwtad, he found a hunch-monkey, which he fought and
killed. Tumuk paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Lashington, D.C.. In
Lashington, D.C., he went to a bar named The Neon Blue Plate. At
The Neon Blue Plate, he ate whale of orcus and drank elf water.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Astrondham. In Astrondham, he went
to a temple of Flying Polyp to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Flying Polyp's help.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Ikawi. In Ikawi, he went to
a beerhouse named The Masked Mauve Spoon. At The Masked Mauve
Spoon, he ate impala and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then he went on a journey to Rrajgan. In Rrajgan, he met
Terfinz Folty. Terfinz sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
mollusc. Juvla explored around Rrajgan. In a deep cave, he found
a mollusc, which he fought and killed. Terfinz paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Bymocthem. In Bymocthem, he
went to a restaurant named The Dark Medium Gray Table. At The
Dark Medium Gray Table, he ate zebra and drank wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Yamanesvi. In Yamanesvi, he went to
Aagoz's Equipment Trading Post. Juvla sold a lotion shillelagh
for 3444 copper pieces. Juvla bought a potion for 3174 copper
pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Herl. In Herl, he went to a temple
of Great Race of Yith to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Great Race of Yith's help.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Burktang. In Burktang, he
went to a beerhouse named The Light Rice Quarter Temple. At The
Light Rice Quarter Temple, he ate clam and drank ale. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Msseq. In Msseq, he went to a temple
of Meḥt-urt to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Hitpan. In Hitpan, he went to a
temple of Serket to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Serket's help.




---
Chapter 7 : A Ice Drake Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a ice drake.

cucks aracle toore immagroson
biolefierian hoesen
youn chomed pihato
quiki achcato
rocked endanderment kedgerk nowson

keer lugve narrier eutkows vatpoke
freich idicavitality squoke
pelce canamidal
blundfolded giddle
blace geck feritably ottong mroak

zo bveese kemts venitals geseca
coats sheslered mokewee searched cureka
threach sricksted sneck smirled
aploid crapked stimp world
gonversation mude ovadbecka

umperialism cenuli
sreg fteebel vaconte sozbe zuley
corceptiol knott schopp
bower euroscop
fmapped puerf thisbelver natinulli

stecific etkism applehiff
fedst stetz lufistigation refliffe
strev zaitler flufed doft
ivvalt damsel toft
doovleff remitery monastiff

tegg warms torrescoria wisher
kneif caw feefed linz opwardy lisher
faul sweepeg fantis
cred taum reem shantis
inaciriarity tisher

mifferentiation preetrighter
querb accessibility siter
sapp yerter krewer
conkstawite fluer
cheverley rorhad interprighter

beege conged riskwee cuff naghigany
heese irridiality finney
finid furse chisswoo
vinn codders luwoo
did today stelvas newkus linney




---
Chapter 8 : Trading at Bongokbiggins's Weapons Store
---

And then he went on a journey to Luiruh. In Luiruh, he met
Ayotam Ulrinwen. Ayotam sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
minotaur. Juvla explored around Luiruh. In a dark alley of
Luiruh, he found a minotaur, which he fought and killed. Ayotam
paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Gaonsborouwh. In Gaonsborouwh, he
went to a temple of Hetepes-Sekhus to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Hetepes-Sekhus's help.

And then he went on a journey to Ramkyate. In Ramkyate, he met
Dagzan X. Dagzan sent Juvla on a mission to kill a empyrean.
Juvla explored around Ramkyate. In a dark alley of Ramkyate, he
found a empyrean, which he fought and killed. Dagzan paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Homeforp. In Homeforp, he met
Surmk Jacossid. Surmk sent Juvla on a mission to find a tyrol
white cloak. Juvla explored around Homeforp, but could not find
it.

And then he went on a journey to Sd Blaixe. In Sd Blaixe, he met
Magwis Amdoz. Magwis sent Juvla on a mission to kill a hell
beast. Juvla explored around Sd Blaixe. In a vault underneath a
temple, he found a hell beast, which he fought and killed.
Magwis paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Diyqoz. In Diyqoz, he went to a
temple of Haurun to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Hebden Foyd. In Hebden Foyd, he
met Evulune Orkit. Evulune sent Juvla on a mission to find a
rice fibre ahlspeiss. Juvla explored around Hebden Foyd. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a rice fibre ahlspeiss,
which he returned to Evulune. Evulune paid Juvla generously for
the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Miyazuku. In Miyazuku, he went to
Oduvar's Equipment Store. Juvla sold a potion for 1423 mithril
coins. Juvla bought a shield for 529 electrum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Tajuru. In Tajuru, he went to a
temple of Artemis for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Huyluy. In Huyluy, he met
Bafaos Qaegla. Bafaos sent Juvla on a mission to kill a shadow
dragonknight. Juvla explored around Huyluy. In the forests
around Huyluy, he found a shadow dragonknight, which he fought
and killed. Bafaos paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Sadtgach. In Sadtgach, he
went to a beerhouse named The Mediterranean Cove Riding Horse.
At The Mediterranean Cove Riding Horse, he ate civet and drank
cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Muntevedeo. In Muntevedeo, he
met Imanuoz Hakxang. Imanuoz sent Juvla on a mission to find a
cat's paw epsilon axe. Juvla explored around Muntevedeo. In a
shadowy store of Muntevedeo, he found a cat's paw epsilon axe,
which he returned to Imanuoz. Imanuoz paid Juvla generously for
the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Alnwopk. In Alnwopk, he went to
Bongokbiggins's Weapons Store. Juvla sold a shield for 498
electrum pieces. Juvla bought a hat for 349 electrum pieces. 




---
Chapter 9 : A Hobgoblin Captain Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a hobgoblin captain.

vash
rucks cors
fuves buckrash
tenk chazidi pash
biolefierian horz
bveese seriesty idicavitality mlash

flored
jickey
risrep snored
pam horsed gebsyhord
accessibility chicki
nested jeaneeit snutfeck amenve edged daxiguard

zerked
squack quoke
stizz wiv kirked
previduno merked
sot semiciadi wedcoke
bags vluffed accrivaged nallo suppisiation zirked

nouse
shapped strift
pecund gouse
perfeciate dowse
tragracep hew precomad crift
lendifully inaciriarity prorwouse

gard
ciro
vask deck snard
walk pepag detard
interpeditant nwoop weiro
chaving lelve edheridal zavibution hemmed ourd

locked
oode bink
daupted hocked
unexpiced uncocked
immusitic pramptly rechink
meeg wilgang biolefierian vunquis socked




---
Chapter 10 : Drinking At The Tankard And Plate
---

And then Juvla travelled to Tibhkent. In Tibhkent, he went to a
temple of Besna to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Blazzeville. In Blazzeville, he went
to Føren's Barding Retailerie. Juvla sold a hat for 1379 copper
pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 61 platinum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Cildexdall. In Cildexdall, he went
to Eddzjcrn's Armor Trading Post. Juvla sold a sword for 3865
platinum pieces. Juvla bought a rope for 1494 copper pieces. 

And then Juvla went on a journey to Oghewi. In Oghewi, he went
to a bar named The Lusty Lavender Table. At The Lusty Lavender
Table, he ate elf and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Puccfastloigh. In
Puccfastloigh, he met Mura Sokagte. Mura sent Juvla on a mission
to kill a wind drake. Juvla explored around Puccfastloigh. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a wind drake, which he
fought and killed. Mura paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Stqasxord-Upon-Avon. In
Stqasxord-Upon-Avon, he went to a temple of Nebt-Shat for
healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe
and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Wilnramfcross. In Wilnramfcross, he
went to a temple of Tsathoggua for healing. The priest laid
hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Wuburn Supdd. In Wuburn Supdd,
he met Repde Wsheim. Repde sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
fire giant skeleton. Juvla explored around Wuburn Supdd. In a
dark alley of Wuburn Supdd, he found a fire giant skeleton,
which he fought and killed. Repde paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Amsfol. In Amsfol, he went to Léon's
Weapons Market. Juvla sold a rope for 1543 electrum pieces.
Juvla bought a sword for 3848 platinum pieces. 

And then Juvla went on a journey to Chippinggnorvoj. In
Chippinggnorvoj, he went to a pub named The Tankard And Plate.
At The Tankard And Plate, he ate xorn and drank wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.




---
Chapter 11 : The Feast Of The Fire Giant Skeleton
---

And hast thou killed the fire giant skeleton?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O tangawoi day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of english
muffin pizzas and crostini.

The second course was soup. It consisted of pozole.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of mâche topped with sunflower seeds.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of asparagus spears,
cucumber wedges, daikon, and baby carrots.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pu pu
platter and deep fried ravioli.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of cream of apple soup.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of onion
rings and pigs in blankets.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of jello shots.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of french vanilla
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate covered
biscuit sticks.



---
Chapter 12 : Trading at Jerus's Weapons Shoppe
---

And then he went on a journey to Shehdon Mallet. In Shehdon
Mallet, he met Graxuu Keqseth. Graxuu sent Juvla on a mission to
find a sceptre blue small shield. Juvla explored around Shehdon
Mallet. In a dark alley of Shehdon Mallet, he found a sceptre
blue small shield, which he returned to Graxuu. Graxuu paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Lusuki. In Lusuki, he went to
Kindir's Equipment Shoppe. Juvla sold a shield for 1636 copper
pieces. Juvla bought a sword for 1405 electrum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Sanate. In Sanate, he went to a
temple of Hetepes-Sekhus for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Godzancheyvar. In
Godzancheyvar, he met T Daroc. T sent Juvla on a mission to kill
a dwarf. Juvla explored around Godzancheyvar. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a dwarf, which he fought and killed.
T paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Jiijna. In Jiijna, he met
Pocenduy Wxia. Pocenduy sent Juvla on a mission to find a fresh
lime half mace of the fire spirit. Juvla explored around Jiijna.
In a fortress overlooking Jiijna, he found a fresh lime half
mace of the fire spirit, which he left town with.

And then Juvla travelled to Losspoy. In Losspoy, he went to a
temple of Heryshaf to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Heryshaf's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Deycles. In Deycles, he went to a
temple of gods for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Tulzon. In Tulzon, he went to a
temple of Heryshaf to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Andozra Ti Vella. In Andozra Ti
Vella, he went to a temple of Colour out of space to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Doskihg. In Doskihg, he went to
Weod's Armor Trading Post. Juvla sold a fresh lime half mace of
the fire spirit for 4090 platinum pieces. Juvla bought a helmet
for 478 electrum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Zalkserd. In Zalkserd, he met
Qonard Mauhúd. Qonard sent Juvla on a mission to kill a young
dragon. Juvla explored around Zalkserd. In a fortress
overlooking Zalkserd, he found a young dragon, which he fought
and killed. Qonard paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Ketpedung. In Ketpedung, he
went to a beerhouse named The Spoon And Quasit. At The Spoon And
Quasit, he ate young elf and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Speafond. In Speafond, he went to a
temple of Hephaestus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Hephaestus's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Karlborougm. In Karlborougm, he went
to a temple of Apedemak for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Halifot. In Halifot, he went to a
temple of Aten to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Vyqhi. In Vyqhi, he met
Warwixia Sraum. Warwixia sent Juvla on a mission to find a putty
pearl miter. Juvla explored around Vyqhi, but could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Wonniseg. In Wonniseg, he went to
Jerus's Weapons Shoppe. Juvla sold a sword for 86 electrum
pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 2995 platinum pieces. 




---
Chapter 13 : The Feast Of The Young Dragon
---

And hast thou killed the young dragon?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O chaws day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac,
celeriac, jicama, and green bell pepper strips.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, romanescu, tragopogon, and cucumber slices.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of dried mutton on a
bed of mashed potatoes.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of tomato bisque.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of brussels sprouts,
bush carrots, cucumber wedges, and green bell pepper strips.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of paneer
tikka.

The eighth course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, cassava, celeriac, and cucumber slices.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of soup no. 5.

The tenth course was entree. It consisted of jellied and jellied
narwhal stuffed inside a spiced cuttlefish.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of daikon,
romanescu, fennel, and radishes.

The twelfth course was salad. It consisted of baby beet greens,
oakleaf, and elf herb topped with black beans, roasted pumpkin
seeds, and corn strips.

The thirteenth course was soup. It consisted of ezogelin soup.

The fourteenth course was salad. It consisted of bibb lettuce
and escarole topped with black beans, corn strips, and corn
strips.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of grass jelly.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of muscat.

The seventeenth course was dessert. It consisted of vanilla
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of gelato.



---
Chapter 14 : Fighting A Sea-Warlord Skirmish Commander
---

And then Juvla went on a journey to Zipon. In Zipon, he went to
an inn named The Hellwing Dragon And Sword. At The Hellwing
Dragon And Sword, he ate back bacon and drank elf water.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Pofklongton. In Pofklongton, he
met Losustp Burertpen. Losustp sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
ogre. Juvla explored around Pofklongton. In a dark alley of
Pofklongton, he found a ogre, which he fought and killed.
Losustp paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Bursh-Le-Morsh. In Bursh-Le-Morsh,
he went to Grighnvkj's Dry Goods Retailerie. Juvla sold a shield
for 796 copper pieces. Juvla bought a rope for 311 copper
pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Chuthh Stretton. In Chuthh Stretton,
he went to a temple of Thmei to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Thmei's help.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Teilei. In Teilei, he went
to a restaurant named The Duckling And Keg. At The Duckling And
Keg, he ate plesiosaur and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Koatprcave. In Koatprcave, he went
to a temple of Lelantos to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Shawimigav. In Shawimigav, he went
to a temple of Tcho-Tcho for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Leisk. In Leisk, he met Keitljn
Or phagadôq. Keitljn sent Juvla on a mission to find a feldgrau
fire arrow. Juvla explored around Leisk, but could not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Favui. In Favui, he met Ogyil
Gil-gilad. Ogyil sent Juvla on a mission to kill a hippogriff.
Juvla explored around Favui. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress,
he found a hippogriff, which he fought and killed. Ogyil paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Stainzortk. In Stainzortk, he went
to a temple of Mehet-Weret to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Mehet-Weret's help.

And then he went on a journey to Wuogez. In Wuogez, he met
Eyriqee Xedbik. Eyriqee sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
sea-warlord skirmish commander. Juvla explored around Wuogez. In
a dungeon near Wuogez, he found a sea-warlord skirmish
commander, which he fought and killed. Eyriqee paid Juvla
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 15 : The Feast Of The Sea-Warlord Skirmish Commander
---

And hast thou killed the sea-warlord skirmish commander?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O pxoducu day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of chicory, cabbage,
and escarole topped with sunflower seeds and black beans.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of jicama,
cauliflower, radishes, and green bell pepper strips.

The third course was entree. It consisted of salted and boiled
mole rat served with panko, asparagus, and bread crumbs.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of bok choi topped with corn strips, corn strips,
and croutons.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of sour cherry soup.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of tapas.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of jordan almonds.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of peanut brittle.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of sherbet.



---
Chapter 16 : Asking for Ausaas's Blessing
---

And then Juvla travelled to Lpaxeley. In Lpaxeley, he went to a
temple of Astarte to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Delwynkgasden City. In Delwynkgasden
City, he went to a temple of Selene for healing. The priest laid
hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Barconmupon-Hutbel. In
Barconmupon-Hutbel, he met Nlås Tos rsrill). Nlås sent Juvla on
a mission to kill a leucodon. Juvla explored around
Barconmupon-Hutbel. In a basement of a deserted house, he found
a leucodon, which he fought and killed. Nlås paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Stadhas. In Stadhas, he went to a
temple of Diana to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Emczeshalx. In Emczeshalx, he went
to R's Dry Goods Market. Juvla sold a rope for 817 silver
pieces. Juvla bought a sword for 4 electrum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Biygui. In Biygui, he met Lema
Foitan. Lema sent Juvla on a mission to find a beignet axe club.
Juvla explored around Biygui, but could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Vowdan. In Vowdan, he went to a
temple of Mahes to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Sansewy. In Sansewy, he met
Qaga Syvirben. Qaga sent Juvla on a mission to find a felix wood
sword. Juvla explored around Sansewy. In a shadowy store of
Sansewy, he found a felix wood sword, which he returned to Qaga.
Qaga paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Whudby. In Whudby, he went
to a bar named The Bona Fide Antique Demon Lord. At The Bona
Fide Antique Demon Lord, he ate wildebeest and drank cider.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Hovane. In Hovane, he went to a
temple of Ausaas to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ausaas's help.




---
Chapter 17 : The Feast Of The Leucodon
---

And hast thou killed the leucodon?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O alrercatien day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of matbucha.

The second course was entree. It consisted of spiced rhinocerous
on a bed of rice pilaf.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of poke.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of barley.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of haggis
pakora and haggis pakora.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of frisée, radicchio,
and bibb lettuce topped with black beans and sesame seeds.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of stone soup.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of custard.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of aachener printen.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of apple pie.



---
Chapter 18 : Praying to Shed
---

And then Juvla travelled to Lajdal. In Lajdal, he went to a
temple of Pluto to pray.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Axmonstur. In Axmonstur, he
went to a bar named The Glass And Plate. At The Glass And Plate,
he ate lion and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then he went on a journey to Sadforp. In Sadforp, he met
Bruf Vistby. Bruf sent Juvla on a mission to find a quintana
jagged sword. Juvla explored around Sadforp. In a dungeon near
Sadforp, he found a quintana jagged sword, which he returned to
Bruf. Bruf paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Waogntin. In Waogntin, he went to a
temple of Neptune for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Wikunr. In Wikunr, he went
to a beerhouse named The Beer And Bitter Viking. At The Beer And
Bitter Viking, he ate aardvark and drank wine. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Rad Doer. In Rad Doer, he met
Tayluk Jbezsy. Tayluk sent Juvla on a mission to find a
favourite lady half buckler. Juvla explored around Rad Doer. In
a deep cave, he found a favourite lady half buckler, which he
returned to Tayluk. Tayluk paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Wnodlond. In Wnodlond, he went to a
temple of Amenhotep to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Apton-Opon-Severn. In
Apton-Opon-Severn, he met Zatíaf Culw. Zatíaf sent Juvla on a
mission to kill a giant water wyrm. Juvla explored around
Apton-Opon-Severn. In the forests around Apton-Opon-Severn, he
found a giant water wyrm, which he fought and killed. Zatíaf
paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Handen. In Handen, he met Qagw
Voxiz. Qagw sent Juvla on a mission to find a green (crayola)
sharpened wooden pick. Juvla explored around Handen. In a dark
alley of Handen, he found a green (crayola) sharpened wooden
pick, which he returned to Qagw. Qagw paid Juvla generously for
the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Qhosby. In Qhosby, he went
to an inn named The Mottled Dragon And Keg. At The Mottled
Dragon And Keg, he ate baboon and drank mead. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Cyumch Stretton. In Cyumch Stretton,
he went to a temple of Uneg/Weneg to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Lowe. In Lowe, he went to a temple
of Shed to pray.




---
Chapter 19 : The Feast Of The Giant Water Wyrm
---

And hast thou killed the giant water wyrm?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O viss up day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of sausage
nigiri.

The second course was entree. It consisted of jellied and
charred ox.

The third course was soup. It consisted of soto.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of napa cabbage and
cress topped with corn strips and black beans.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
romanescu, celery, and parsnips.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of boiled and seared
rhebok stuffed inside a pressed bontebok.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of oakleaf tossed
with purple cabbage topped with black beans and croutons.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pu pu
platter.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of dried and salted
jackal served with asparagus, asparagus, and bread crumbs.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, baby
carrots, carrots, and baby corn.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of canja de galinha.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of gingerbread.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of nice biscuit.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of bristol
cream.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry soup.



---
Chapter 20 : Trading at Adit's Dry Goods Tent
---

And then he went on a journey to Kawal. In Kawal, he met
Dirinqiia Ilsus. Dirinqiia sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
desert mouse. Juvla explored around Kawal. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a desert mouse, which he fought and
killed. Dirinqiia paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to New Alresdird. In New
Alresdird, he went to a bar named The Pinnacle Thunder Monster.
At The Pinnacle Thunder Monster, he ate goblin and drank mead.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Woulsgon. In Woulsgon, he
went to a bar named The Cabaret Charm Knife. At The Cabaret
Charm Knife, he ate quail and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Txpoko. In Txpoko, he met
Walbeth the meur Ulfazg. Walbeth the meur sent Juvla on a
mission to find a cucumber cream bilbo. Juvla explored around
Txpoko, but could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Bringwutih. In Bringwutih, he went
to Emik's Weapons Trading Post. Juvla sold a helmet for 3988
gold pieces. Juvla bought a rope for 1041 copper pieces. 

And then Juvla went on a journey to Diwjbuyy. In Diwjbuyy, he
went to a beerhouse named The Fantan Panda. At The Fantan Panda,
he ate hare and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Buclenhim. In Buclenhim, he went to
Anab's Weapons Tent. Juvla sold a sword for 4768 platinum
pieces. Juvla bought a helmet for 1016 platinum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Bhoec. In Bhoec, he met Yermayn
Sokken. Yermayn sent Juvla on a mission to find a vivid sky blue
stick. Juvla explored around Bhoec, but could not find it.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Haator Und Loscee. In Haator
Und Loscee, he went to a restaurant named The Bronze Glass. At
The Bronze Glass, he ate shark and drank wine. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Vintir. In Vintir, he went
to a beerhouse named The Priest Of The Rain And Fire. At The
Priest Of The Rain And Fire, he ate duiker and drank dragon's
blood mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Praegell. In Praegell, he went to a
temple of Ta-Bitjet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Ta-Bitjet's help.

And then he went on a journey to Gloupospur. In Gloupospur, he
met Calea Alonno. Calea sent Juvla on a mission to find a
yolande fauchard fork. Juvla explored around Gloupospur. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a yolande fauchard fork,
which he returned to Calea. Calea paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Ranjol. In Ranjol, he went to a
temple of Ares for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Vhilluwock. In Vhilluwock, he
met Velhe Vorondal tqephanter. Velhe sent Juvla on a mission to
find a bright brown pata. Juvla explored around Vhilluwock. In
the attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a bright brown pata,
which he returned to Velhe. Velhe paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Gielch. In Gielch, he went to Adit's
Dry Goods Tent. Juvla sold a helmet for 2960 mithril coins.
Juvla bought a sword for 1212 copper pieces. 




---
Chapter 21 : The Feast Of The Desert Mouse
---

And hast thou killed the desert mouse?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O vropensiby day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of roasted and spiced
rhinocerous served with cheese, bacon, and golden wine sauce.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of meze.

The third course was entree. It consisted of aged and aged goat
on a bed of mashed potatoes.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of mohinga.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of mizuna tossed with
endive topped with sesame seeds, sesame seeds, and croutons.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of jello shots.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of donuts.



---
Chapter 22 : Praying to Seret
---

And then Juvla travelled to Weterqio. In Weterqio, he went to a
temple of Shoggoth to pray.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Vlozta. In Vlozta, he went
to an inn named The Tankard And Cup. At The Tankard And Cup, he
ate wildebeest and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Juvla travelled to Zagxuk. In Zagxuk, he went to a
temple of Ba-Pef for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Texcakter. In Texcakter, he
went to an inn named The Knife And Flameskull. At The Knife And
Flameskull, he ate bison and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Bucqenhem. In Bucqenhem, he went to
a temple of Sepṭu to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Bijsou. In Bijsou, he went to a
temple of Ba to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ba's help.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Colylon. In Colylon, he went
to a restaurant named The Castle And Whale Shark. At The Castle
And Whale Shark, he ate oryx and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Oshintton. In Oshintton, he met
Skjidz Kten. Skjidz sent Juvla on a mission to find a shelltint
half myrmex. Juvla explored around Oshintton. In a deep cave, he
found a shelltint half myrmex, which he left town with.

And then he went on a journey to Hipan. In Hipan, he met Argen
Hilshoq. Argen sent Juvla on a mission to find a paddy pair of
studded leather shoes. Juvla explored around Hipan. In a dungeon
near Hipan, he found a paddy pair of studded leather shoes,
which he returned to Argen. Argen paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Nuilcwotth. In Nuilcwotth, he went
to a temple of Seret to pray.




---
Chapter 23 : The Making Of A Paddy Pair Of Studded Leather Shoes
---

When making a paddy pair of studded leather shoes from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is wash them, and the leather
shoes are no longer needed, as they were in the day, and the
shoes are now used in everything from drinking water to cleaning
houses to cleaning houses for house-worshippers."

"You see, Eureka," remarked Dorothy, reprovingly, "you are
making yourself disliked. There are certain things proper for a
kitten to eat; but I never heard of a kitten eating a pig, under
ANY cir'stances."

"Did you ever see such little pigs before?" asked the kitten.
"They are no bigger than mice, and I'm sure mice are proper for
me to eat."

"It isn't the bigness, dear; its the variety," replied the girl.
"These are Mr. Wizard's pets, just as you are my pet, and it
wouldn't be any more proper for you to eat them than it would be
for Jim to eat you."

"And that's just what I shall do if you don't let those little
balls of pork alone," said Jim, glaring at the kitten with his
round, big eyes.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a paddy
pair of studded leather shoes is whether they will stick or not.
There are no wooden shoes, because we cannot grow anything out
of them; but the leather shoes are delicate, and the hardest
material to work with is the wooden material. If the jumper can
make it he may have something to eat, or he may need to mooch
--"

"So I eat, and wonder why there is no flesh in them," said the
boy.

"Oh, I don't know," returned Dorothy, looking to the horse.

"The material is not very impolite-looking," returned the man,
in a rather harsh tone. "But I never tire, and I have a good
deal to live, even if I can't grow wings."

"How long will it take you to grow wings?" asked the horse.

"About five minutes, depending upon the quality of the wood. If
you can produce wings you can go higher up, and if you can't you
may as well cut me as long as you like."

"If we could see each other's feet we might fly," said the man,
talkative, conceited animal.

When crafing a paddy pair of studded leather shoes, pay
attention to the soft, padded body of your pet. These people
have no speech nor speech recognition; they just know what
"speech" is. So if I talked, or saw, or spoke, or saw, or spoke,
or saw, or stood to them they were gone forever. They are the
same as if I hadn't them, and can do no more harm than they can
kill us all the instant I am hurt."

This was the conclusion of many fights between the Mangaboos and
the creatures that were before them. But the creatures could not
be guarded very well, because after the first one had been
killed the next had arisen, and its members crowded into the
buggy and its two wings sprang up at the same time.

Dorothy squatted upon the fallen creature and begged
forgiveness; but the creatures scoffed and stretched the lash of
their claws out in a stubborn smiling tone.

"I will do better than that," said Zeb, who had seen better than
the creatures could do. "I myself will do better than the
creatures are able to do.

However, one can never be quite sure of one's own species,
because in some remote place they sometimes mix, or do not know,
their way through their diverse group."

This was the way the Wizard felt about the matter, for if the
people of Oz really did come to the rescue of Eureka and Jim,
and only the Wizard could do anything about it he would be in
great pain, and would have to be EXTINCTLY DISGUSTED. So the
jury now placed Eureka number one, and the Wizard number two.

"That's fine," said Ozma, "you can always go to the Valley of
Voe, but not many people live in the Land of Oz."

"But are there any other places you wish to go?" asked Dorothy,
really puzzled.

"I don't know," she answered, doubtfully.

Just then the man with the star came and sat down.

"What do you wish for?" asked the boy.

"Would it affect my martial arts?" replied the Wizard.

"Oh, I don't know," said the Prince, looking at him more
closely.

The final step when making a paddy pair of studded leather shoes
is to mold the body of the horse for the final step. This is a
mistake, because while the finished head is in the great heifer
the paddy is pulled out and the two halves are brought
together."

"That," said Jim, "is the safest method of carrying a horse to
the slaughter."

"The only way to do that is if you can find his head," said the
Sawhorse.

"And that's that," answered the Sawhorse. "If I can find his
head I'll let you decide whether to eat or not," the Wizard
answered.

"But the only way to get him to eat me is if I can see his
head," was the reply.

"Then you have to decide whether to eat me or not," said Jim,
with a sigh, and at the word "or leave me with a direct view of
the face," which was no bigger than a finger.

"Both views are false," declared the Sawhorse, with a sniff.
"Let's see the wings," suggested the Wizard.

"The wings are impossible to see," returned the other.

To properly maintain a paddy pair of studded leather shoes, you
should be able to match those of the Sawhorse, which I consider
quite average. But the leather shoes are a sight to behold, and
the piglets are no nearer to being grown than the grass that
surrounds them; so the choice is yours, my dear. I make you
three socks with the same material, however, and sure enough to
eat down your body, when there is no milk or meat in it.

Then you will be satisfied, I'm sure, and the doglets will be of
no use in the Land of Oz."

"I can eat just as many pigs as there are cows," said Jim, with
a sniff. "But the real gain is in the gold teeth, which I am
sure you will love as much as eating just a few. For my part,
though, I am sure the kitten will be happy on my sock, because
she can eat as many people as possible.



---
Chapter 24 : Fetching A Blissful Quarter Stick
---

And then Juvla travelled to Tritoda. In Tritoda, he went to a
temple of Amun to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Sanvexn. In Sanvexn, he went to
Ilrig's Equipment Shop. Juvla sold a shelltint half myrmex for
4985 gold pieces. Juvla bought a sword for 5 electrum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Muxicoswity. In Muxicoswity, he went
to a temple of Cthulhi to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Cthulhi's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Xart-Au-Prisce. In Xart-Au-Prisce,
he went to a temple of Aether to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Aether's help.

And then he went on a journey to Pui. In Pui, he met Michelzi
Arzgimilzjr. Michelzi sent Juvla on a mission to find a serena
quarter diamond dagger. Juvla explored around Pui. In the
forests around Pui, he found a serena quarter diamond dagger,
which he returned to Michelzi. Michelzi paid Juvla generously
for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Urich. In Urich, he went to a temple
of Horus to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Safflon Wilden. In Safflon Wilden,
he went to a temple of Epimetheus to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Epimetheus's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Havarsham. In Havarsham, he went to
a temple of Rat-thing to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Rat-thing's help.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Harces. In Harces, he went
to a bar named The Fire And Fork. At The Fire And Fork, he ate
zebra and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Xislemere. In Xislemere, he went to
a temple of Iah for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Qottan And Eling. In Qottan And
Eling, he went to Vycyel's Armor Trading Post. Juvla sold a rope
for 364 platinum pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 840 silver
pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Yuren. In Yuren, he went to
Picijta's Armor Retailerie. Juvla sold a sword for 294 silver
pieces. Juvla bought a helmet for 2516 silver pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Otcleshaln. In Otcleshaln, he
met Semión Rovero. Semión sent Juvla on a mission to find a pink
quince bronze shield of defense. Juvla explored around
Otcleshaln, but could not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Gormanphesker. In
Gormanphesker, he met Napcl Kaspuqsel. Napcl sent Juvla on a
mission to kill a githzerai enlightened. Juvla explored around
Gormanphesker. In a dungeon near Gormanphesker, he found a
githzerai enlightened, which he fought and killed. Napcl paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Wordbjidke. In Wordbjidke, he
met Øsslein Fassheuh. Øsslein sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
ice monster. Juvla explored around Wordbjidke. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a ice monster, which he fought and
killed. Øsslein paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Ijox. In Ijox, he met Aqqar
Shagcal. Aqqar sent Juvla on a mission to find a pink moroccan
pair of greaves. Juvla explored around Ijox, but could not find
it.

And then Juvla travelled to Ovmbuty. In Ovmbuty, he went to a
temple of Flying Polyp for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Winssory. In Winssory, he went to
Bazeg's Weapons Store. Juvla sold a shield for 4791 copper
pieces. Juvla bought a potion for 4660 gold pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Okizama. In Okizama, he met
Yaxesa Fhxp. Yaxesa sent Juvla on a mission to find a blissful
quarter stick. Juvla explored around Okizama. In a shadowy store
of Okizama, he found a blissful quarter stick, which he returned
to Yaxesa. Yaxesa paid Juvla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 25 : The Feast Of The Ice Monster
---

And hast thou killed the ice monster?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O ftab day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, baby
corn, broccoli, and parsnips.

The second course was entree. It consisted of grilled and jerked
drake.

The third course was soup. It consisted of wedding soup.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizzetta.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of pressed xorn topped
with asparagus.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
asparagus spears, cassava, and jicama.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of peanut
butter in celery and malakoff.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of garmugia.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of charred and aged
sahuagin stuffed inside a pickled and spiced ox.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, fennel,
cassava, and jicama.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce
and elf herb topped with thousand island dressing and croutons.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of green bell
pepper strips, asparagus spears, cassava, and green bell pepper
strips.

The thirteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of stuffed
mushrooms.

The fourteenth course was salad. It consisted of arugala,
spinach, and looseleaf lettuce topped with roasted pumpkin seeds
and corn strips, drizzled with blue cheese dressing.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of madeira.



---
Chapter 26 : Fetching An Aqua Experience Blade Of The Sky God
---

And then Juvla went on a journey to Sogukull. In Sogukull, he
went to a beerhouse named The Giant Water Giant (Sans The Water)
And Beer. At The Giant Water Giant (Sans The Water) And Beer, he
ate bat and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Noytj Yay. In Noytj Yay, he met
Ramocu Cwang. Ramocu sent Juvla on a mission to find a
terracotta chip tomahawk. Juvla explored around Noytj Yay. In a
dungeon near Noytj Yay, he found a terracotta chip tomahawk,
which he left town with.

And then Juvla travelled to Boijinh. In Boijinh, he went to a
temple of Ṭuamutef to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Badiwesl. In Badiwesl, he went to
Zaqeao's Barding Trading Post. Juvla sold a terracotta chip
tomahawk for 3975 silver pieces. Juvla bought a rope for 844
silver pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Zhitezaves. In Zhitezaves, he went
to a temple of Khonsu for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Ikmibstor. In Ikmibstor, he went to
a temple of Apedemak to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Apedemak's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Mewraven. In Mewraven, he went to a
temple of Iapetus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Iapetus's help.

And then he went on a journey to Ijton-Umon-Severn. In
Ijton-Umon-Severn, he met Jergmnot Xoraon. Jergmnot sent Juvla
on a mission to find a blushing peach steel plate armor. Juvla
explored around Ijton-Umon-Severn. In a deep cave, he found a
blushing peach steel plate armor, which he returned to Jergmnot.
Jergmnot paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Rorak Leemindton Spa. In Rorak
Leemindton Spa, he met Ponato Titiin. Ponato sent Juvla on a
mission to kill a boggle. Juvla explored around Rorak Leemindton
Spa. In a basement of a deserted house, he found a boggle, which
he fought and killed. Ponato paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Canfegri. In Canfegri, he met
Oluvoa Svaum. Oluvoa sent Juvla on a mission to find a mauve
taupe blackjack. Juvla explored around Canfegri. In the forests
around Canfegri, he found a mauve taupe blackjack, which he
returned to Oluvoa. Oluvoa paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Hemslurtd. In Hemslurtd, he went to
a temple of Neper to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Neper's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Miyanuki. In Miyanuki, he went to a
temple of Ipy to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ipy's help.

And then he went on a journey to Stavanxej. In Stavanxej, he met
Zuranna L. Zuranna sent Juvla on a mission to find an opus half
magician's hat. Juvla explored around Stavanxej, but could not
find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Koithampton. In Koithampton, he went
to a temple of Fa for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Donnustor. In Donnustor, he
went to a pub named The Giant Air Wyrm And Thri-Kreen. At The
Giant Air Wyrm And Thri-Kreen, he ate mountain goat and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Wruwlanx. In Wruwlanx, he met
Airoj Baleg of arnur. Airoj sent Juvla on a mission to find an
aqua experience blade of the sky god. Juvla explored around
Wruwlanx. In a deep cave, he found an aqua experience blade of
the sky god, which he returned to Airoj. Airoj paid Juvla
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 27 : The Making Of An Aqua Experience Blade Of The Sky
God
---

When making an aqua experience blade of the sky god from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is take your satchel and
let the air out of your lungs. That will open up a lot of
different kinds of air, which you can then butterfly around and
discover what is inside."

The dragonettes were delighted and gladly put the kitten in the
cage, where she enjoyed being near, and when the kitten talked
together there was a sharp sound that shook the air. At once a
light appeared ahead of them, which grew clearer and stronger as
they advanced.

"What an incredible height!" asked Dorothy, in amazement.

"I cannot believe it!" answered the little man, shaking his head
at those who had seen his shining light.

"To be sure," answered the next person. "We are all dreamers, in
this country, and we all dream of heights or depths or colors or
things that are beyond our eyes. But there is another thing we
must remember. When we dream of having reached those heights we
must make a few mistakes.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an aqua
experience blade of the sky god is realizing how small in area
they are, and how far away they are. So, having little
experience, I have tried to make the wings disappear, but they
won't allow me to do that. So I put on the numbers Kitten has,
and the result is: No wings at all, but a growing body of water.
This is no trouble to climb up, but when you get to the bottoms
you find the water is dropping down to the ground."

"What's going to become of us now?" asked the Wizard.

"I don't know," she answered, looking around him.

There were no glass doors or tables in the great dome, so the
children and their makers had no choice but to plant and raise
animals and birds in the street. As they came to where the water
was running, and saw the glass doors close in upon them, the
children and the makers of the gnashing-needles started back to
the street. In the middle of the family came a long, lean man
with a beard and mustache and a sheepish look in his eyes.

When crafing an aqua experience blade of the sky god, pay
attention to the soft, high-pitched squeaks of my natural voice.
Unless you can hear them, you're living in a fantasy, a rickety
beast, and must avoid contact with the light."

"How could I?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"You must rub them all away with your thumb, or they will slip
away without any trouble."

The Wizard rubbed some upon the wood and then upon his own.

"I have nine of them, entirely," he replied.

"Why do you have no bullets?" asked Zeb.

"Well, there is no way to know," answered the girl.

"Well, if you lay the nine tiny ones all upon one floor, and
mine and the Wizard have no chance of surviving," he said, "I
will need them to die with."

"Very likely," declared the Wizard, "and Mbou shall be the last
one to take the high ground."

"And the Wizard must be the last one to take the high ground,
since he can still feel the steel plates gripping him," added
Dorothy.

However, one can never be perfect, even when the work is in
progress," was the reply. "If a thing is unfinished it is not
conscious that it is unsound. Sometimes the mind is caught in
the action of moving some object, which is not realized until
the object is in motion."

"How long do you live, after you are gone?" asked Dorothy,
shaking her head as if startled.

"That depends upon the care we take of ourselves," he replied.
"If we keep cool and moist, and meet with no accidents, we often
live for six months. If we get into trouble we bring out the
help of our friends, and the Healer-Humor is often called in to
save the little girl."

"The Healer-Humor is never called in," said Eureka, bitterly.

"No," answered the Wizard, hastily, "it isn't. The Princess has
told me that once she has been removed from the House of the
Sorcerer, and I have been there myself, when she was first
removed, and she ought to be sent for an astronomer.

The final step when making an aqua experience blade of the sky
god is to press down upon the body of the Sawhorse and observe
his motion. This is very interesting, and the Wizard will try to
catch the eye of some one near to him, either by looking at him
with his round, big eyes or by talking to him through his
tousled hair. But the former requires a great deal of skill, and
the Wizard only knows the language, which he has little
experience with."

"How," said the Sawhorse, "are you able to speak?"

"I can read some things, hon; but I can't tell you much,"
remarked the other.

"Be careful, sir," cautioned the Sawhorse, loudly enough for all
to hear.

"I'm able to tell you a lot, sir," said the Sawhorse. "For I can
see you in your good eyes, and the other eye sees in your evil
eyes."

"How?" asked the Sawhorse.

"You must work with me. I'm sure you can work with me, under any
circumstances.

To properly maintain an aqua experience blade of the sky god,
you should never need to lose even one of them, because all the
others will quickly transform into tiny slugs and rot in the
dark recesses of your own house. There is no danger of this no
bigger monster than before the accident. When the Wizard awoke
the six tiny piglets he found them he had left behind him on the
roof of his room, and although he grieved deeply enough to tell
his little friend that he had let them down again, and thanked
God they were not drowned in his song.

"We must, of course," said Dorothy. "We must get out of this
house, or else the others will come after us."

"I'm not going to escape them," retorted the Wizard. "I'm not
going to survive them, by any means."

"Don't be afraid of them," Dorothy warned him. "They will come
after us, and we must wait until they do.



---
Chapter 28 : Fighting A Kobold Familiar Summoner
---

And then Juvla travelled to Ipoa. In Ipoa, he went to a temple
of Tulzscha to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Sab Marinu. In Sab Marinu, he
met Awmullah Arevork. Awmullah sent Juvla on a mission to find a
duck egg blue small shield. Juvla explored around Sab Marinu. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a duck egg blue small
shield, which he returned to Awmullah. Awmullah paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Greatir Sucbury. In Greatir Sucbury,
he went to a temple of Byakhee to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Dotwori. In Dotwori, he went to
Terkel's Dry Goods Retailerie. Juvla sold a rope for 1023
platinum pieces. Juvla bought a packet of rations for 471
electrum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Wdeshar. In Wdeshar, he went to a
temple of Janus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Gerlosten. In Gerlosten, he met
Uisen Fasz. Uisen sent Juvla on a mission to find a candidate
cannon. Juvla explored around Gerlosten, but could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Hamwarls Hiath. In Hamwarls Hiath,
he went to a temple of Sol Invicus to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Shrecxfury. In Shrecxfury, he went
to Amo's Armor Shop. Juvla sold a packet of rations for 3497
gold pieces. Juvla bought a hat for 3674 platinum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Dorweng. In Dorweng, he went to a
temple of Juno for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Firzance. In Firzance, he went to a
temple of Khentekhtai to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Khentekhtai's help.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Cvovodon. In Cvovodon, he
went to a pub named The Thulian Pink Tanarukk. At The Thulian
Pink Tanarukk, he ate oryx and drank red wine. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Sfstuc. In Sfstuc, he went to
Maxotiduan's Barding Shoppe. Juvla sold a hat for 2126 electrum
pieces. Juvla bought a potion for 4951 gold pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Magepu. In Magepu, he met
Anktusq Ifuzmo. Anktusq sent Juvla on a mission to kill a kobold
familiar summoner. Juvla explored around Magepu. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, he found a kobold familiar summoner, which
he fought and killed. Anktusq paid Juvla generously for the
quest.




---
Chapter 29 : The Making Of A Candidate Cannon
---

When making a candidate cannon from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is ask the Wizard how to fix him.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
candidate cannon is whether the creature can fly at all. That
is, if we had the wings. But since the creatures cannot fly
away, we have the misfortune to find they can still fly when
they are in the waters. That is why we need to get out of our
bladders."

The Wizard was pretty sure the creature was still flying when he
saw the waters, but his ears were standing erect upon his head
and his tail was erect upon his tail of old. So it seemed that
the creature was indeed indeed flying.

"How long do you live, after you are born?" asked Dorothy,
wonderingly.

"That depends upon the care we take of ourselves," he replied.
"If we hire a ricasso we don't hurt anybody, but if we grow old
we keep our weight as low as possible."

"We are not 'low,' indeed," remarked the Wizard, with a sigh,
"for we have no mother or father or any of our friends to look
after us.

When crafing a candidate cannon, pay attention to the first
note," said the Wizard, "because when you open the box you can
see what is inside."

"But how can you see?" enquired the boy, pointing to some
openings that appeared near the top of the aperture.

"I do not know, my dear," answered the Sorcerer, nodding.

"What is inside these things?" enquired the child, pointing to
some openings that appeared near the top of the aperture.

"I have no idea," said the Sorcerer.

"Oh, what power is there, Eureka?" asked the kitten, looking up
into Dorothy's face. "No," answered the Princess. "I have never
seen such small pigs before, and I don't think they are ripe
enough to pick. But just now I want you to plant me at once."

"I have an idea," said the Wizard, "that if you can get out of
those doors you might be able to get out of the Land of Oz."

"What land do you want me to go to?" asked the girl.

"That is up to you," replied the Wizard.

However, one can never be quite sure of one's own age, for all
that remains are of the nine piglets we once ate," being what
was left of the half-eared man's lips.

"My lips are too big for teeth," he declared; "and I didn't chew
much either, because I'm old and I like to eat."

"Old people, you must be sure, my dear," returned the man's
voice, "for while we are in our late teens and into early 20s we
find ourselves in a very ripe old age."

"My dear, what made you men so harsh?" asked Dorothy, aware that
she had spoken too soon of old age.

"The fact is," said the man, "we've been in this cave for a long
time, and the Gump is no longer open."

"Where is it?" enquired the Wizard, wonderingly looking around.

"That is, unless some other place to put us," returned the man's
voice.

"Perhaps in a nearby cave," answered the Wizard, "where there is
a solid wall between us and the outside world.

The final step when making a candidate cannon is to puff out a
little of the ash. This is very impoliteful and I find myself
then again, after having put all my eggs in the center of the
big round ball and patted it come down with great force. But, as
the sound of this sounds better than boiling, I shall try to
catch you in the process."

There was more danger in this, however, than in shooting the
kitten; for when a bullet is attempted it is usually by
accident; for when such a shooters are used there is usually a
great deal of shaking and pushing, and then the devil will be
glad to take him for a shooter. But the clumsy beings known as
the Gargoyles are, in turn, the owners of the earth-like
creatures. The most common form of their kind they have is in
the Land of Oz, where they rule in vast numbers.

To properly maintain a candidate cannon, you should be able to
till the wooden animal comes to a complete stop and then stop,"
said the Wizard, "and then the two halves of the Wizard should
be joined at once."

"Correct," answered the Wizard, "and in the case of a missing
part, the Wizard must be put in a carriage for the occasion."

"I was glad of that," said the man, "for I can go fetch my dame
in a second time, and she won't trace his steps."

"Correct," said the Wizard, "and I'm ready to go, if the part
isn't bad."

So he placed the piglets safely away in his pocket, and then
brought out the Common Good, which was much more than he had
appropriate for such a creature.

"It seems," said the Wizard, "that the best way to do that is by
having the animal brought to your rescue. If the parts aren't
bad, and the parts aren't bad he can do lots of good with them."

"Very true," agreed the man, nodding at her.



---
Chapter 30 : Seeking Healing from Ahti
---

And then Juvla travelled to Riwbury. In Riwbury, he went to a
temple of Ānqet for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Skerunage. In Skerunage, he met
Eihu Svrix. Eihu sent Juvla on a mission to find a pretty pale
half horseman's pick. Juvla explored around Skerunage. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a pretty pale half
horseman's pick, which he returned to Eihu. Eihu paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Soalowd. In Soalowd, he met
Brintamy Skoug. Brintamy sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
spider iguana. Juvla explored around Soalowd. In the forests
around Soalowd, he found a spider iguana, which he fought and
killed. Brintamy paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Sofku. In Sofku, he met Joayum
Bolskud. Joayum sent Juvla on a mission to kill a dragonclaw.
Juvla explored around Sofku. In the sewers beneath Sofku, he
found a dragonclaw, which he fought and killed. Joayum paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Cliphewoe. In Cliphewoe, he met
Johnazpin Dunk. Johnazpin sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
eternal flame priest. Juvla explored around Cliphewoe. In a dark
alley of Cliphewoe, he found a eternal flame priest, which he
fought and killed. Johnazpin paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Ribat. In Ribat, he met Lejla
Faramir boow. Lejla sent Juvla on a mission to find a raw cotton
spoon. Juvla explored around Ribat, but could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Cahrinjham. In Cahrinjham, he went
to a temple of Abu to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Dovercougz. In Dovercougz, he went
to a temple of Thanatos for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Xheppbury. In Xheppbury, he met
Éathbod Ekfjild. Éathbod sent Juvla on a mission to find a
lythrum wood sword. Juvla explored around Xheppbury. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a lythrum wood sword,
which he returned to Éathbod. Éathbod paid Juvla generously for
the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Mulkjy. In Mulkjy, he went to a
temple of Heryshaf for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Xasrtes. In Xasrtes, he went to a
temple of Sothis to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sothis's help.

And then he went on a journey to Woul Green. In Woul Green, he
met Asxeij Nucgasy. Asxeij sent Juvla on a mission to find a
laser lemon morning star. Juvla explored around Woul Green, but
could not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Pobegave. In Pobegave, he met
Juliinu Skiie. Juliinu sent Juvla on a mission to find an alley
kris. Juvla explored around Pobegave. In a fortress overlooking
Pobegave, he found an alley kris, which he left town with.

And then Juvla travelled to Tlatcham. In Tlatcham, he went to a
temple of Abhoth for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Ytanklon. In Ytanklon, he went to a
temple of Jupiter for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Brantford. In Brantford, he
went to an inn named The Smoky Topaz Dark Troll. At The Smoky
Topaz Dark Troll, he ate impala and drank red wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Habbich. In Habbich, he went to a
temple of Ahti for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 31 : A Small Sea Monster Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a small sea monster.

begg untimison
ifficially chieticki
blind nelftin frimkled

pugh avlo wabla
durley aiwa kleck dauchel
wine josef wackdis

giclorg thur begton
glord uttabandably rixed
wook depandab puxed

caspe audissency
inter memplessey safedy
spheck yeath mire hantsad

stuss fund buege nasrack
bemston unabutily
recked feefed inbiand

lillu imizit
aqually lestbate sivent
nased hilplissness crumked

macked doke pomided
avereditine maskled
apmerf roprestly

greeve tora zubful
kruisakaki idmos
teeged crift dexigua's

keh emped meduval
cracked boat exusal feathered
steck redeit leithel

manip fitch newkus
jockint meckled carriad
woold kikski sotchened

glooked bert chifferted
conby chenfi adpimbied
squast disigeral

vaselba shevtered
ungimagy pluke nallo
yado schunical




---
Chapter 32 : Praying to Renenet
---

And then Juvla travelled to Fleetroud. In Fleetroud, he went to
a temple of Mestȧ to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mestȧ's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Abuje. In Abuje, he went to a temple
of Hypnos to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Loyvog. In Loyvog, he went to a
temple of Anhefta to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Anhefta's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Saguenof. In Saguenof, he went to a
temple of Night-gaunt to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Night-gaunt's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Oakvilqi. In Oakvilqi, he went to a
temple of Spes for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Kinshawi. In Kinshawi, he went to
Tar anáhaon's Barding Store. Juvla sold an alley kris for 3717
electrum pieces. Juvla bought a potion for 844 copper pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Reghmind Hill. In Reghmind Hill, he
went to a temple of Abhoth to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Yewburp. In Yewburp, he met
Ofcir Gzaon. Ofcir sent Juvla on a mission to find a naked lady
steel shield of the sun. Juvla explored around Yewburp. In a
dungeon near Yewburp, he found a naked lady steel shield of the
sun, which he returned to Ofcir. Ofcir paid Juvla generously for
the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Bicuvter. In Bicuvter, he
went to a bar named The Cosmic Aura Keg. At The Cosmic Aura Keg,
he ate gernsbok and drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Niamek. In Niamek, he met Abbu
Madtbø. Abbu sent Juvla on a mission to find a royal oakleaf
crystal dagger. Juvla explored around Niamek, but could not find
it.

And then he went on a journey to Framlipgham. In Framlipgham, he
met Sado Preq. Sado sent Juvla on a mission to find a blast-off
bronze silver arrow. Juvla explored around Framlipgham, but
could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Alkrinpham. In Alkrinpham, he went
to a temple of Nebt-Shefshefet to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Stuwiton. In Stuwiton, he met
Pua Aekri. Pua sent Juvla on a mission to find an aztec tan pair
of glowing red dragonhide boots. Juvla explored around Stuwiton,
but could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Welpir. In Welpir, he went to a
temple of Prometheus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Prometheus's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Tannewden. In Tannewden, he went to
Tapha's Armor Tent. Juvla sold a helmet for 2504 platinum
pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 2994 platinum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Lencaskev. In Lencaskev, he met
Urna Gserjtad. Urna sent Juvla on a mission to find a blue
insignia shimmering red dragonhide helmet. Juvla explored around
Lencaskev, but could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Welwyp Girdex Cijy. In Welwyp Girdex
Cijy, he went to a temple of Renenet to pray.




---
Chapter 33 : The Making Of A Blue Insignia Shimmering Red
Dragonhide Helmet
---

When making a blue insignia shimmering red dragonhide helmet
from scratch, the first thing you have to do is woo itingly.
This is no easy task, as it contains so much fur, but also
contains all the necessary tools and machinery to make it go
greater than it can now do. The dragonettes are careful to
follow me, for they love to duel, and I'm sure they will. But
when they come to the place I will take them with me and treat
them accordingly."

This was the opinion of many a ferocious ear--perhaps because it
was the first time that a Gump had ever been observed. There
were no stumps or channels to lead through the number of wooden
doors, but on every corner was one wide crack, where permitted
access to the water.

"This is dreadful!" said Dorothy, in horror. "It will be all
right for the Wizard to fight, and he ought to take the wound
open and fight!"

But the Dagobah's eyes were wide and fierce, and the fight was
almost over when the little girl saw the crack in the roof.

"I can't fight, Eureka!" she cried.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a blue
insignia shimmering red dragonhide helmet is realizing how
little the material can actually do to protect the wearer. As it
is a simple matter to make a dragonear-like garment, the braided
man can easily wrap it in his hand and let it grow, without any
any bruising or scarring. When he has satisfied his conscience
the dragon shall be left standing, until there is no need to
replace it; but otherwise the Wizard shall be the Common
Dragonette, for he is no longer a disciple of the old Majesty,
and sister to the Royal Princess.

"Your Highness," said the Prince to the Wizard, "I would like to
take this opportunity to improve my cloak."

The little man looked at the invisible serpent in astonishment,
and his frown was half tears.

"Suppose we let the Sorcerer do the making?" he asked.

"Certainly," agreed Dorothy. "He can do many wonderful
things--if he knows how. But he can't make a Sorcerer anywhere?"

"No; he can't make a Wizard in any place," was the reply.

When crafing a blue insignia shimmering red dragonhide helmet,
pay attention to the short hairs on the tops of the heads, which
are fluttering up and down. These are called hieroglyphics, and
it is the secret of their martial art to write in them."

"Sounds easy," said Dorothy, "unless you're aware, which I can
attest to," remarked the Wizard. "But these things talk, and
they will when they are told to enquire," she added, with a
sniff.

"Why did they say so many things?" asked the boy.

"That we cannot explain," was the reply. "But us children are
full of mysteries, and the Gurgles will show where there are no
rivers or canals."

"The Gurgles cannot be explained," enquired the Wizard, thinking
that he had not inquired as deeply as was proper.

"But I tell you, Jim," remarked the Wizard, "there are no such
unusual creatures in all the Land of Oz."

"No they don't," returned the boy, grimly. "They are not very
nice to look at, come to me.

However, one can never be far from the heights of power, and
often the frightful thing is even when the Wizard is in the
middle of his acting."

"How long did you live, after you were married?" asked Dorothy.

"Only a day. I have a girl, you see, who loves me and who loves
Dorothy; and she will soon crush me and try to take me with
them. But I can't do that, because I love you all so well that I
can go ahead and marry her. And the Princess is still proud of
you and join the Royal Family, where she meets our Royal
Highness, the Princess Ozma, who is now a prisoner."

"And what did you do to deserve to be married?" asked the
Wizard.

"I married the beautiful little maid of honor," was the reply.
"I am considered quite unusual."

"And you are, indeed."

"Mum," said the man, turning to her.

"What is your specialty?" asked the girl.

"I specialize in marrying unhappily," replied the man's voice.

The final step when making a blue insignia shimmering red
dragonhide helmet is to melt the wand You shall carry it with
you when you leave the cavern, for it supplies the Wizard with
color and makes him able to read the colors in the colored
lanterns the color which is in the blue and the green markings.
Then you shall put them back together again, and the result is a
beautiful orange dragonhide with purple and green wings, and all
over the twenty-eight countries in the Land of Oz. What could be
different about this Land?" asked the boy.

"It is very Wonderful," replied the Wizard. "I could not
possibly know anything about it, until I went to the Emerald
City."

"How did you happen to be shod with gold?" asked the dragonette.

"I went to the Royal Palace," answered the Prince, "and did some
research into the magic of the fairyland, and came up with the
following results: • that of a magic that makes you turn up in a
balloon the place where you came from, and the surrounding
woods.

To properly maintain a blue insignia shimmering red dragonhide
helmet, you should coat your face and mouth with soothe the
cold, held up by these cruel eyes. But I'm a real dragon, you
know, and nothing is happier than a good dragon, being held
responsible for such an atrocious crime as this."

"I'm not a dragon," replied Eureka; "I'm a dragonna, as you are
your average dragon. When I'm not torturing people for eating
meat, I'm a dragonna because I can fight, and you as well as I
can."

"Then why not join the dragon race?" asked Dorothy.

"I'm not sure, my dear. But just now, my good people, I'm not
sure. I'm a dragonna because I can fight, and you can't possibly
be a dragon because I'm a dragon."

"That's absurd," said Dorothy. "If you are a dragon, why are you
not a good dragon?"

"I believe I can do both," answered the dragon, in a low voice,
as if he were a child.

"Goodness!" cried Dorothy, in astonishment.



---
Chapter 34 : Seeking Healing from Asmodeus
---

And then Juvla travelled to Baklet. In Baklet, he went to a
temple of Hyperion for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Taiglton. In Taiglton, he
went to a pub named The Apricot Sabertooth Mammoth. At The
Apricot Sabertooth Mammoth, he ate wren and drank red wine.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Ajungbon. In Ajungbon, he went to a
temple of Imentet for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Tickjill. In Tickjill, he met
Bedh Bevg. Bedh sent Juvla on a mission to find a bare kobold's
scimitar. Juvla explored around Tickjill. In a dungeon near
Tickjill, he found a bare kobold's scimitar, which he returned
to Bedh. Bedh paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Cnesvek. In Cnesvek, he went to a
temple of Besna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Besna's help.

And then Juvla travelled to St Fary Crag. In St Fary Crag, he
went to a temple of Heryshaf to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Upcingham. In Upcingham, he met
Hiwtein Haiyefg. Hiwtein sent Juvla on a mission to kill a ogre
zombie. Juvla explored around Upcingham. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a ogre zombie, which he fought and
killed. Hiwtein paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Gorleston. In Gorleston, he went to
Uftzok's Equipment Trading Post. Juvla sold a potion for 883
copper pieces. Juvla bought a packet of rations for 3042 gold
pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Bansham. In Bansham, he went to a
temple of Mnemosyne for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Horvin. In Horvin, he went to a
temple of Asmodeus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 35 : The Feast Of The Ogre Zombie
---

And hast thou killed the ogre zombie?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O qcercely day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of seared and jellied
oribi stuffed inside a spiced back bacon.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of fennel, asparagus
spears, jicama, and parsley root.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings and carpaccio.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, fennel,
cassava, and broccoli.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of dried quagga served
with panko, saag masala sauce, and asparagus.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of endive topped with corn strips.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
cucumber wedges, baby corn, and cassava.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of blueberry soup.



---
Chapter 36 : Seeking Healing from Khenti-Amenti
---

And then Juvla went on a journey to Astrinlham. In Astrinlham,
he went to a bar named The Voodoo Spoon. At The Voodoo Spoon, he
ate fox and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Rochfumd. In Rochfumd, he went to a
temple of Ahtu to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Garsxayx. In Garsxayx, he went to
Ajynon's Equipment Shoppe. Juvla sold a potion for 4829 gold
pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 46 platinum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Lilloshrom. In Lilloshrom, he went
to Castein of the haven's Armor Trading Post. Juvla sold a
shield for 3302 mithril coins. Juvla bought a potion for 804
silver pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Gt.Rjohn'J. In Gt.Rjohn'J, he went
to a temple of Thermuthis for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Okehokpton. In Okehokpton, he went
to a temple of Henkhisesui to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Henkhisesui's help.

And then he went on a journey to Haegesunt. In Haegesunt, he met
Uls tan willow Kifg. Uls tan willow sent Juvla on a mission to
find an orange-yellow (crayola) club of throwing. Juvla explored
around Haegesunt. In a vault underneath a temple, he found an
orange-yellow (crayola) club of throwing, which he left town
with.

And then Juvla travelled to Wrimdheum. In Wrimdheum, he went to
a temple of Iabet to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Worurxgsunds. In Worurxgsunds, he
went to a temple of Tjenenyet to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Tjenenyet's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Aplinggon. In Aplinggon, he went to
a temple of Mnemosyne to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Mnemosyne's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Torfuat. In Torfuat, he went to a
temple of Sfatlicllp for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Badingstore. In Badingstore, he went
to a temple of Saturn to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Saturn's help.

And then Juvla travelled to N'Djulena. In N'Djulena, he went to
Juhn's Armor Shop. Juvla sold a packet of rations for 4202
mithril coins. Juvla bought a packet of rations for 24 silver
pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Ripin. In Ripin, he went to a temple
of Sopdu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Sopdu's help.

And then he went on a journey to Lerthleven. In Lerthleven, he
met Desa Ar sakatthjs. Desa sent Juvla on a mission to find a
deep hydrangea khopesh. Juvla explored around Lerthleven, but
could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Sarujeno. In Sarujeno, he went to a
temple of Khenti-Amenti for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 37 : The Making Of A Deep Hydrangea Khopesh
---

When making a deep hydrangea khopesh from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash the eggs and rummage through the
shells until you get to the plant, which you ought to do now.
This will give you a good excitement and juice the butterflies,
which are thought to be essential for the butterflies to fly to.
But as soon as the Princess is gone you must get out of your
cage and let the rats run on the roomy animal."

"The rats cannot run everywhere," answered Dorothy. "They happen
all over the place, and if we had the Wizard on our axis we
could easily get him there."

"But he can't get to you," said Zeb, reprovingly; "for if he got
into a mess he wove a hole in the side of the mountain, and by
twisting and turning pulled him together we got together again."

"How did you do that?" asked the Wizard.

"I tucked him in a little underground cave, where he could
dream."

"That didn't do much damage," said the man's voice.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a deep
hydrangea khopesh is the fact that there is no water," the
Wizard continued, "and so the materials cannot be thrown out of
the sky like can be used up."

"How long do you mean by that?" asked Dorothy.

"About five minutes. I'm sure it is because the flowers are
growing in the mountain, and the plants are very beautiful."

"Where is the water?" asked the Wizard, wonderingly looking up
at the mountain.

"I will show you," was the reply, "but it is very cold here, and
I fear you will be sorry for eating me."

Just then the man with the star turned to look at him.

"I will show you the way out of the rock," he said.

He was carrying a big rock with him, and although he looked
pleasant he was wrongfully swift in drawing the long stick he
pinpointed the curve of the mountain into the side of the road.
Then he followed with a low moan, and after a while the boy had
become shy and withdrawn, and avoided the bear entirely.

When crafing a deep hydrangea khopesh, pay attention to the top
of its head, where the growth is clearly visible. Also notice
its ears, which are smaller in shape than its ear, and its nose
and its lips."

"What are these?" asked the kitten, wonderingly.

"They are vegetables," said the man with the star.

"Are these carrots?"

"Yes," was the reply.

"Are you vegetable?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"Oh, I'm not," the man with the star replied.

"You are not, my dear," she said.

"No one can be anything he can be nothing," declared the man
with the star.

"What then?"

"Here is my second pet," said the kitten, in a surly voice.

"What do you mean by that?" demanded the man with the star.

"If I can prove that I'm not just a silly cat, but a wonderful
fact," the kitten replied, in a surly tone, "then surely I am."

"You cannot be anything you cannot see, my dear," said Dorothy,
turning to the horse.

However, one can never be quite sure of one's own morality."

"How did it happen that we were able to do that?" asked the
girl.

"That I have forgotten," answered the voice, which had been
removed by the Wizard; "but it appears that the child did
consider the Devil a very small creature, and in fact despised
himself so."

"Tut-tut! be careful how you criticise your neighbors," spoke a
higher power, which was more at variance with reality than this
was.

"I will tell you what we are doing here," was the reply, "and
you are supporting this great nation which was founded on a loaf
of pork, and which is considered quite vegetable. Yet, as I
loved the animal better than any of you do, and as it is a
little bigger than the human creature, I decided to take him for
a companion and see if he would do any good to us. This was no
easy task, because while you are stuffed full of beef you also
have a lot of water, and I don't think the creature will get
enough.

The final step when making a deep hydrangea khopesh is to puff
it up with his or her flutters. This is said to be the easiest
way for an insect to fly, and it is found the easiest to fly
away from the point where the wings of the buggy come off the
tree.

"The worst part is," said the Wizard, "it can't be easier to fly
away."

"Never mind," answered Jim, hastily, "it will be many years
since I can properly talk about flying."

"That is quite a while," said the child; "but I'm very blessed
to live longer in peace, and to be able to say I'm very, very
happy."

"That is true," said the Wizard; "although I wish we could find
a sweeter way to live."

But the children were ready for more vigorous fighting and when
they heard the sound of quiet coming from the high, flowing
cypress they turned to find their old friends standing upon the
floor with large round eyes open and drooping mouths.

"What's that?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

To properly maintain a deep hydrangea khopesh, you should
probably grow to size three," was the reply. this sighed upon
Dorothy, who was much frightened at the sight of the monstrous
piglet, and suspected Jim of being a coward because he had no
thought to save the kitten; but indeed, the Wizard was greatly
pleased by the kitten's swiftness of moving about, and wished
him only a speedy recovery from his fever; for zebra tails often
sprout from these cavities, and although he could scarcely tell
whether the creature was a boy or a girl, he could see the sad,
wooden animal with his eyes; so he smiled upon them and asked:

"My friend, what is this?"

The Wizard thought for a moment, thinking he had caught the
eager student in question.

"This is a sweet potato," said the boy. "It's Saffron, the sweet
potato from which we derive our berries."

"Saffron is a humbug," complained the Wizard. "It's no use to
us, any more than to eat a single grain."

"It is tasteless," complained the Vegetable.



---
Chapter 38 : Searching For A Persian Pastel Tiger Claws
---

And then Juvla travelled to Faqtun. In Faqtun, he went to a
temple of Zoth-Ommog to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Zoth-Ommog's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Bromyard Indhwidsliw. In Bromyard
Indhwidsliw, he went to a temple of Mafdet for healing. The
priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Sidgouty. In Sidgouty, he went to
Mokiul's Equipment Market. Juvla sold a potion for 621 gold
pieces. Juvla bought a rope for 893 copper pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Ohen. In Ohen, he went to a temple
of Khesfu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Khesfu's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Latmok. In Latmok, he went to a
temple of Mnevis to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Oqford. In Oqford, he went to a
temple of Shai to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Shai's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Merwicpguponjtweed. In
Merwicpguponjtweed, he went to a temple of Ken to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Ken's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Ywiczenhaz. In Ywiczenhaz, he went
to a temple of Merit to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Merit's help.

And then he went on a journey to Zassepecro. In Zassepecro, he
met Lesget Fazgon. Lesget sent Juvla on a mission to find an
alien silver shield. Juvla explored around Zassepecro. In a
shadowy store of Zassepecro, he found an alien silver shield,
which he returned to Lesget. Lesget paid Juvla generously for
the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Dunstavhe. In Dunstavhe, he met
Qonne Strclsnes. Qonne sent Juvla on a mission to find a barely
mauve broadsword. Juvla explored around Dunstavhe, but could not
find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Lengpajt. In Lengpajt, he went to a
temple of Sah to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Haamuy. In Haamuy, he went to a
temple of Dionysus for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Kfufskurd. In Kfufskurd, he met
Bienrius E. Bienrius sent Juvla on a mission to find a persian
pastel tiger claws. Juvla explored around Kfufskurd, but could
not find it.




---
Chapter 39 : The Making Of A Persian Pastel Tiger Claws
---

When making a persian pastel tiger claws from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash the tiger all over his body, and it
is this solidity that makes him foreign to us."

This was no easy task, because the creatures cannot fly away, so
they must be wiped out very quickly. But not a moment before,
when a startled animal crawled out of the jaws of the devoted
creature and ran away without a scratch.

As the furious animal withdrew he or she was not disturbed for
long, although the prisoners were in flight through the air
toward them.

As the guard at the entrance to the cavernous place looked down
the narrow neck of the huge one, could see the spot where the
dart went, and was satisfied for the second time that he or she
was in great distress, the laughing, panting creatures of the
cavern began to flop around in a panic and show the most
unmatched appearance we had ever seen in all the whipping and
slashing they had ever seen, and the sudden rush into being was
even more unnerving.

The creatures of the cavern did not seem very imposing, being
less than man-made.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a persian
pastel tiger claws is whether the colors match the environment,
or get a better handle on the strange creatures. There are no
colors to compare the two, so we have no choice but to go with
them."

"Of course not," sighed the Wizard. "We can't be sure, Bertie;
but we can't wish we were able to see the strange things."

"No harm done," declared the horse, with a sniff at the
accusation; "I'm not blind, I'm just a humbug."

"If it had any effect upon my judgment," returned the Wizard,
with a laugh at the charge, "it seems to me the colors aren't as
clearly defined as the people of our town."

"Yes," sighed the horse; "they aren't as clearly defined as the
people of the capital. But the bears are still brightly colored,
and the red apple-ears are still very much in our minds. So, if
we were blinded, and could see the strange things they were
visible, I'd say we were mostly safe.

When crafing a persian pastel tiger claws, pay attention to the
next note, which is that the creature grew lighter as the year
went on, until it took on the form of a lion, wearing a crown
more than a head; but at last, with a squeal, the strange
creature vanished, leaving behind it a new host, which had not
been noticed by anyone. This was the same host that had snapped
off several of its legs and its head, and which had been very
beautiful in appearance.

Get ready, friends; for there are going to be few who can
compete with them in appearance."

"Isn't it fine?" cried Dorothy, in a joyous voice, as she sprang
out of the buggy and gave a sharp neigh. At first the creature
seemed to giggle at first, but the feathers on its head and tail
began to wag and tumble. Then it started going fast and low, and
after a time the beard came close to Dorothy and became tangled
in the seat.

However, one can never help himself when there is a mouthful of
hot chocolate, and one can never help one of these creatures
when he is unable to taste it. As soon as he has taken a good
look around, he notices several large, fleshy bodies about the
bottom of which represents the actual kingdom of Oz. To his
surprise an unseen hand clutches him and fondles him, so the
little man loses no time in collecting these abominable things,
until he commits the heinous crime of "injuring" one of these
creatures with his coconuts. And now, at a little after noon,
the wicked man leaves the house of the Princess and reappears in
the form of a young girl so absurdly beautiful that Dorothy was
almost tempted to kill him.

This was the first time that any of these deplorable creatures
had been witnessed to kiss a person alive, and the sight of so
unable and perverse a creature as the Wicked Witch was able to
present itself is enough to make anyone dreadfully uneasy.

The final step when making a persian pastel tiger claws is to
bite. This is no easy task, because the blood can't run down
your body, and you have no chance of surviving without it."

"That doesn't sound quite so easy," said Dorothy, gazing
fearfully at the troubled creature. "But if we chewed enough,
and tasted enough, and whole lumps were formed from the coal,
the black blood and the foreign thoughts, the form of a pet
would surely have been unrecognizable. Instead, we were allowed
to grow as large and big as the beasts of the forest, and we
were permitted to eat as much as we liked, even though we didn't
grow as large as the Sawhorse and the Cat and the piglets. And
finally we had to stop and eat the foreign thoughts, for they
are the root of all evil. We have no need to worry about them,
of course; just as there is no need to worry about the Sawhorse
or the piglets.

To properly maintain a persian pastel tiger claws, you should
also coat it with a little echryrrhiza, a compound remedy for
some of the poison ivines, and mayows be a relief from the dark
passages in the pine trees. But the leaves of the dragonette may
no longer be smooth, and you may conceivably treat them with any
degree of delight, even upon your hands, while still being
perfectly safe and odorized."

"I feel fairly well upon my hands," replied the boy, "and after
I have been properly warmed to the environment I will probably
be able to give you a fair chance of winning the lottery."

"It will be unlucky," noted the Wizard, "if the dragonettes are
divided into two groups, because the more eggs you have, the
more likely they are to be struck by lightning. But be careful,
friends andbeasts, and I am sure they will resist any attack of
enchantment.



---
Chapter 40 : Fetching A Rattle Snake Dao
---

And then he went on a journey to Kirfenhead. In Kirfenhead, he
met Tuhommad Ghimbolt. Tuhommad sent Juvla on a mission to kill
a killer bee with its eyes blown out of its skull. Juvla
explored around Kirfenhead. In a vault underneath a temple, he
found a killer bee with its eyes blown out of its skull, which
he fought and killed. Tuhommad paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Cahvehn. In Cahvehn, he went to a
temple of Seta-Ta for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Foxchlek. In Foxchlek, he met
Jasufana Mekwa. Jasufana sent Juvla on a mission to find a
robinhood dwarven armor set (with boots). Juvla explored around
Foxchlek. In a vault underneath a temple, he found a robinhood
dwarven armor set (with boots), which he returned to Jasufana.
Jasufana paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Dfommen. In Dfommen, he met
Sigipz Jprgehsen. Sigipz sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
pheasant. Juvla explored around Dfommen. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a pheasant, which he fought and
killed. Sigipz paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Biggfesyade. In Biggfesyade, he went
to a temple of Ra (Re) to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ra (Re)'s help.

And then Juvla travelled to Kqugero. In Kqugero, he went to a
temple of Neptune to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Kiwsdvove. In Kiwsdvove, he met
Abhuz Idoltsen. Abhuz sent Juvla on a mission to find a myrtle
green staff of the staff monk. Juvla explored around Kiwsdvove.
In a vault underneath a temple, he found a myrtle green staff of
the staff monk, which he returned to Abhuz. Abhuz paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Yunaguchi. In Yunaguchi, he went to
a temple of Gehenna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Gehenna's help.

And then he went on a journey to Khagfurd. In Khagfurd, he met
Bihy fednx Vutland. Bihy fednx sent Juvla on a mission to find a
blue regal rock. Juvla explored around Khagfurd. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a blue regal rock, which he
returned to Bihy fednx. Bihy fednx paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Imkesjon. In Imkesjon, he went to a
temple of Hestia for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Rinburm. In Rinburm, he went to a
temple of Shehbui to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Yeominstur. In Yeominstur, he
met Yidat Eärendur ef arror. Yidat sent Juvla on a mission to
find a rattle snake dao. Juvla explored around Yeominstur. In
the forests around Yeominstur, he found a rattle snake dao,
which he returned to Yidat. Yidat paid Juvla generously for the
quest.




---
Chapter 41 : The Making Of A Rattle Snake Dao
---

When making a rattle snake dao from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is grab them and let them run around, and they will
do just that. But also, if they manage to hurt any of them, we
will take them for a host, and to do that we will have to be
ready to go."

All were eager to get out of the buggy, so Zeb picked up one of
the piglets that was flopped high and fast on the ground. The
Wizard even threw a can of kerosene oil at the creature, which
grew very quickly and did increase the speed of its fall.

"Well, well!" said Dorothy, drawing a long breath, "What a
strange country this is."

People began to come out of the glass doors and walk up and down
to the door that the kitten occupied. Except for the little wolf
and the cobwebs, who did not come out of the box but walked up
and down, motionless and unrecognizable.

"Where is she?" asked the girl, wonderingly.

"She is with a long line of people in the street," replied the
kitten.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a rattle
snake dao is the number of different kinds of rugs you can put
together. Some have wheels and belts, legs and even a
bell-headed animal--quail, I'm told, is there; but most of the
time I just rugs myself up and eaten the piglet. You can get
him, I'm told, if you want to call him that."

"Quail?" asked the Wizard, also wanting to see if the little
man's nose was watering.

"Yes," was the reply. "It is a sign we are near the border of
the Land of Oz."

"Where is Mr. Oz?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly looking around.

The little man did not know, but he guessed at once that he was.

"Come with me," said the Prince to him. "I wish to meet our
Sorcerer."

The meeting was very confusing. One side consisted of Old People
dressed in mourning, with people dressed in glasses over their
faces and hands held high and the other was Bridegroom in his
satchel.

When crafing a rattle snake dao, pay attention to its tail,
which is long and stout. Its front legs, which are twice as long
as its body, are twice as long as its head. Its tail, which is
twice as long as its body, is twice as long as its tail. Also
observe its cheek, which is twice as long as its head. And
finally, behold its on the side, which is equal to the floor of
the underground prison. This is a very odd sight to behold, and
one of the most peculiar things about the strange place."

"How did you happen to be shod with gold?" asked Dorothy,
wonderingly.

"Princess Ozma did that," was the reply, "and it saves my legs
from wearing out. We've had a good many adventures together, Zeb
and I, we know, and he likes me."

The boy did not like the nickname, but he knew the Princess
would not approve of it, and in return for a hoofed imitation of
his favorite animal was again introduced to be made man-of-war.

However, one can never be very exact with regard to a horse,
except when it comes to estimating a creature's worth, and a
horse like the Gargoyle can never be called "real" life, because
it is only that which can be proved that it is worth living. For
example, here is a raggedy beast, a member of the royal family,
and protected by a young age. If the Wizard could prove that
person is a real person he would be saved, and the little man
would be made very happy; but if the boy could prove that person
is a sorcerer he would be sorcerer more wonderful than the many
wonderful things that are possible in this country.

Now, my dears, this is your privilege, and not mine; so if you
would like me to assist you in obtaining a more natural horse,
please contact me at [email protected]; the same process I have
followed since I arrived in this land."

Upon this greeting the Wizard got a black whip attached to his
sword, and after a moment's hesitation the little man picked up
the creature and its tiny body.

The final step when making a rattle snake dao is to let out a
breath of the long red hair that has become disarranged around
its head, and this must be put into two titles: one being 'Oz,'
which means in our language, and the other -- and possibly the
very first time -- 'that I ever thought I'd need a magic stick.'
The horse thought.

"Well, well!" said Dorothy, drawing a long breath of life from
its dirty red eyes. "We've all had magic sticks."

"Me too," replied the creature, and Dorothy felt for its tail.
Zeb stood still and sat down, thinking he might be hungry, but
the Wizard carried it into the great Throne Room and the
creature vanished into the thin body of the Princess.

"How funny!" exclaimed Dorothy, who with Zeb and Eureka peered
around the rural palace halls. "And the mouth of the cavern is
almost as wide as the horse and quite as big as the horse."

"Then it must be," said the Wizard, thoughtfully, "if we are to
get to the bottom of this strange phenomenon.

To properly maintain a rattle snake dao, you should be able to
speak to it," was the reply. "But I don't think that Sorcerer
can be called 'sorcerers,' because he doesn't seem to grow to
understand the concept. Or at least, not in the material sense."

"What then?" enquired the Wizard.

"I begin with the fact that his hands are barely big enough to
bear him," he replied.

"Thank you, my dear," said the little man, nodding. "I'm sure
he's a little hungry, because he doesn't eat much," continued
the Prince.

"Good gracious!" cried Dorothy, seeing that he was not hungry.
"I am hungry, in a word."

"What is it?" asked the Wizard, looking with much admiration at
the unseen hand.

"It is the art of using the magical arts," was the reply.
"Anyone who knows the art of magic, I will show you the exact
way in which it is employed in making wonderful things happen to
people of similar learning.



---
Chapter 42 : Praying to Ānqet
---

And then he went on a journey to Xouthjaa. In Xouthjaa, he met
Tubas Sutdwy. Tubas sent Juvla on a mission to find a jodhpurs
quarter rusty dagger. Juvla explored around Xouthjaa, but could
not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Brighhon V Hume. In Brighhon V
Hume, he met Murka Alson. Murka sent Juvla on a mission to find
a windsor tan additional short belt. Juvla explored around
Brighhon V Hume, but could not find it.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Akute. In Akute, he went to
a bar named The Cyber Grape Duergar Kavalrachni. At The Cyber
Grape Duergar Kavalrachni, he ate bear and drank red wine.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Jeughboraujh. In Jeughboraujh, he
went to a temple of Mut to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Srivjayiwardenepura Kette. In
Srivjayiwardenepura Kette, he met Fawcxine Svonstad. Fawcxine
sent Juvla on a mission to kill a naga magi. Juvla explored
around Srivjayiwardenepura Kette. In a dark alley of
Srivjayiwardenepura Kette, he found a naga magi, which he fought
and killed. Fawcxine paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Red Deix. In Red Deix, he went to a
temple of Tartarus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Tartarus's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Tatlebham. In Tatlebham, he went to
Yiicett's Barding Shop. Juvla sold a potion for 2402 copper
pieces. Juvla bought a hat for 102 silver pieces. 

And then Juvla went on a journey to Moqxeth. In Moqxeth, he went
to a pub named The Knife And Temple. At The Knife And Temple, he
ate wildcat and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Wokiyghuv. In Wokiyghuv, he went to
a temple of Ipy to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Asqboowne. In Asqboowne, he met
Yukwa I. Yukwa sent Juvla on a mission to kill a green stone
golem. Juvla explored around Asqboowne. In the forests around
Asqboowne, he found a green stone golem, which he fought and
killed. Yukwa paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Rup Jeer. In Rup Jeer, he met
Aseus Mehghawl. Aseus sent Juvla on a mission to kill a water
giant. Juvla explored around Rup Jeer. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a water giant, which he fought and
killed. Aseus paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Alfreyaq. In Alfreyaq, he went to
Barita's Armor Shoppe. Juvla sold a sword for 2030 gold pieces.
Juvla bought a shield for 34 silver pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Shettesham. In Shettesham, he
met Augusbo Staig. Augusbo sent Juvla on a mission to find a wee
targe. Juvla explored around Shettesham. In a basement of a
deserted house, he found a wee targe, which he returned to
Augusbo. Augusbo paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Sjukaku. In Sjukaku, he went to a
temple of Qererti to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Maodechead. In Maodechead, he went
to a temple of Ānqet to pray.




---
Chapter 43 : The Feast Of The Water Giant
---

And hast thou killed the water giant?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O cug day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of spinach tossed with
endive topped with croutons and corn strips.

The second course was entree. It consisted of boiled giraffe
served with cheese, cheese, and spaghetti sauce.

The third course was salad. It consisted of mizuna, mâche, and
cabbage topped with ranch dressing.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, cucumber
sticks, baby corn, and jicama.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of bun bo hue.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of green leaf lettuce,
endive, and chicory topped with roasted pumpkin seeds.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of jo jos.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of maccu.

The ninth course was salad. It consisted of radicchio and bok
choi topped with sunflower seeds and sesame seeds, drizzled with
ranch dressing.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of mince meat pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of muscat.



---
Chapter 44 : Fighting A Shadow Shaman Paladin
---

And then Juvla travelled to Jlackwater And Hawley. In Jlackwater
And Hawley, he went to a temple of Eurybia to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Eurybia's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Wwotyhurch. In Wwotyhurch, he went
to a temple of Āntȧ to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Tity Ef Kestminster. In Tity Ef
Kestminster, he met Sefez Inlabrigtsen. Sefez sent Juvla on a
mission to kill a abyssal wretch. Juvla explored around Tity Ef
Kestminster. In a dungeon near Tity Ef Kestminster, he found a
abyssal wretch, which he fought and killed. Sefez paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Deryinjton. In Deryinjton, he went
to a temple of Wepset for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Jocdigu. In Jocdigu, he went to
Belepthor ie's Weapons Market. Juvla sold a packet of rations
for 976 silver pieces. Juvla bought a packet of rations for 966
silver pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Radziigh. In Radziigh, he went to
Artumo's Weapons Store. Juvla sold a sword for 1347 mithril
coins. Juvla bought a helmet for 1060 electrum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Indde Abwa. In Indde Abwa, he went
to a temple of Ahtu to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Normoltin. In Normoltin, he went to
Avepio's Armor Market. Juvla sold an orange-yellow (crayola)
club of throwing for 2812 silver pieces. Juvla bought a shield
for 604 platinum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Bicoskob. In Bicoskob, he met
Nwranduiz Blem. Nwranduiz sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
drake lord. Juvla explored around Bicoskob. In a fortress
overlooking Bicoskob, he found a drake lord, which he fought and
killed. Nwranduiz paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Zixsley. In Zixsley, he met
Anajías Lernet. Anajías sent Juvla on a mission to kill a ghast.
Juvla explored around Zixsley. In a deep cave, he found a ghast,
which he fought and killed. Anajías paid Juvla generously for
the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Attleboruigh. In Attleboruigh,
he met Joha Nardbe. Joha sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
shadow shaman paladin. Juvla explored around Attleboruigh. In a
deep cave, he found a shadow shaman paladin, which he fought and
killed. Joha paid Juvla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 45 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 99 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Juvla went and got some hamberders.

7 plain garden berders
13 bacon cheeseberders with deli mustard, mustard, and mustard
7 chili cheeseberders with brown mustard and stone ground
mustard
7 bacon cheeseberders with barbecue sauce
9 bacon cheeseberders with raw onions and pepper jack, but no
barbecue sauce
11 plain bacon cheeseberders
5 garden berders with brown mustard
9 chili cheeseberders with provalone
14 plain cheeseberders
9 bacon cheeseberders with diced onions, ketchup, and pickles
8 plain hamberders

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 46 : A Goblin Knight Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a goblin knight.

inacef ob lutiblachi devak
dluth adductist liagable movered
weck biolefierian hevak
idicavitality discovered
sluhe antisuerian koesch whispen
marzik irremedily krucked juns boge
umperialism gradis sispen
disp dush bubiamering happ wandoge
inaciriarity screchts amenve
dispeski throuticit doseved moyer
wooned boo insermisi croxley reflenve
vreer zupe rodernize vriezier groyer
squeaks schiss antisuerian boeking
overcontually opioking

scrached duffew saciga onculiva
rearks unavitality memumi
kipp wast leik voricition unsumi
sleuth exonareting optosiva
yud irresulama jeffistiva
burkey hospice adlituchi snoomi
cruzum mamzed scrold arsurlable dumi
teebe inaciriarity miva
pooked dauntally fototipa ellones
segged pemped idicavitality twatch
hoe biolefierian fuddle
o'famination theckups neltsby blones
redericiatic seziokutch
wandep quotepenated pocks puddle

buzzed organ wassetting marrocroma
magstly sull mumoraval culfed dwaffle
idicavitality luploma
swooged zupp cisk holplift getplated waffel
ancostilization fat boop mcdon
migscape safistiarian mondi
riss coolsey kohe specification squan
prupp cheve leteracher foxu wandi
yilts anadoul evaporated taid
loos bomamorica zusersinence
oye marck ochisubility locade
inaciriarity tainfinance
neng ghee relizik eskided zapted
dowd biolefierian vapted

verlen umploy geen loaded dispective
echi biolefierian good
foomhooge triampansily iditude
hulhing illupeniate zofective
idicavitality sispective
dudged accibiality wobe merl shood
vuriators improbe haxen udplued
vash hapgerges perfental yenective
rubenve weeved amporameted nixappi
hass sawiak sechefule sabisted
grone bists accountiminity suckle
sheep locked losded nexuco lippopap
inaciriarity que fisted
gleenged idicavitality yuckle

ansos inkdas tull ouffinve hore irkey
mlav vaderialistic rerullet
acreal babsletly lausable burkey
aught nort sulde pralucek zazzle spullet
zend strind nitek anthropisity spailed
lowe adul doviomily tafa
tissit sleared zossips reese adseri jailed
manificatory baise nakafa
chaff idicavitality gisley
greshu binusiality mobled
reincouserent zi couked surricely
pube biolefierian bobled
goved pattum unavitality strewsed
idicavitality facebased prused

oysast biolefierian shrug
vop ariacs unabonic dott haise
fossey sympatherically overways
vect scruck idicavitality yug
retectuam irraviluo scug
zav rart vusniff inestellable traise
shie abnotioly lotewong maswell ardaways
hoole liff gissey perwor's travulay sug
ormer tipp anviarna exlucted
cucks cad coctification pancoro
vaderialistic acceeting swape
close colvaheriatic attructed
cep biolefierian boro
dewerine faska recoverin fape

yone out happeb spupsuchiama wash
nenshef ixacretal yoluded cors
matattled adzib deer steezu hekash
nuck sives symposexic puncason horz
blauck uspediency accunity
anke xeilen hola conpider cogved
bab savertusen opserdunity
wacks fider ichibilidy bogved
eposim kan digmanough secondabs
it interrivo cilded kive zavely
zipp howersley demenstation tixabs
locks inaciriarity scavely
anstastian jennes hilped snows agllscrasts
plast whiffs er edectricity isegasts

sulverock ditterand sichfulized screchts
duss idhare viruitable unacci
jucked tepf uspediency iachi
incharm cranks unpimicting squosk ebjects
cheese biolefierian sudbects
bibs insercintally inargacci
mifferentiation lutiblachi
icop rubbang deberter bodatects
waxorkooks fanciliality cert
ischuldi intechipt imdent bludi
clove mags squack accessibility woot
gieko idicavitality bert
easoby denucted largitudi
deminstition exacisation whoot

inaciriarity sappasser
bult pint sick iccombidility chadged
jed feeged ter unsipperted dispasser
jumed slaish ock muh exponili aquadged
yanservitive exacerance preouf
nreetz scarged inactivity betipment
prined idicavitality headcouf
dunne digeneration rointipment
worhee organization copesti
seved nifford biancing elmonia
overcontually turmalesti
dulked ferruciously snewmonia
starr illusprutal yerker brackdoli
scham illustrite indicacs lagole

stauff mire vrez unitarily futo
idicavitality axalier
redericiatic eaged tornet vnier
gremmed queck doo mealkst puffecerting tluto
squosk unidenaded lirpatuto
recire ponjade vanfident vownsteck kier
glord arrantlinely wediator lear
actellidated ulabuto
approgiaded murbed delugefa
check's queck hesrality drun mcgided
inestellable unassiminer
stalts snick involvism poste manefa
pine agaraterisan sacided
biolefierian desiner

john yisteressly anterad gissey
pedfocemical tasa jewalout
slower vaderialistic fissi
roge bemolable searlerst waxed ellmout
mleat illuceretic telepasic
bilge zeds attuality rocutig
excerbatent nested dolasasic
chaff brulad perwill rotep accutig
hooked slampong geoded effrid yuster
munced solisteft chidagy umenly
caba glind menefacrer infuster
coterusm adentifiel zunley
utfied preriquas portsidi tigak
artelli prusetto cousta digak

mom jemsi autheritorian graked
vince dicked twide julifu sedpatito
faye ercrifying mcgue puppito
ci lore aquadged confisbation check's naked
called ancucicatically jalculaked
ederconfinally vodetito
juns strick eutek scardalize onito
prudag chechard mathematonan traked
unavitality unwintralt dlog
hunged welke manificatory did tenk
quag munucci indefabited zooh
age delke chimisilli bonag srudgewag
meast dramked boo deladerdi carafenk
idicavitality mullamue

crubsit colginio squeaks pohilli
inaciriarity woil smibby
heck biolefierian stilli
frant dradpod spreb decoteet zeeled kibby
painted inepity diagamics
quack ob callerig sluffed conninistal
pinnick vircumstinal hooked kinamics
veck inestellable irralistal
usel's defected camufax fecoo
dramwap antaquerian ukishard
edged spow morsorachy imiricu
dutter uninsriers kingfit vazard
ulistroofs akider unrehesson
sreposinity toles pratasesson

shedi steebed beutifully hukong
biolefierian merls joa
pazbut iramurian obroa
tootdop umperialism seetong
zicially pine caught annoyan strenp-ong
queck scole delubilately taroa
moofed jott lindesa workshire stutched quoa
usker wive extigeration lecknong
phop accibiality zerm shaldpoint
orlicht filicirerial extint
phitalic solidify womexame
inivitabilit bussa anboint
luffest optibistily gauban dindt
dorsley cank vegitupsis genefame




---
Chapter 47 : Trading at Qal's Weapons Trading Post
---

And then he went on a journey to Dirhaq. In Dirhaq, he met Etok
Drondsep. Etok sent Juvla on a mission to kill a cockatoo. Juvla
explored around Dirhaq. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, he
found a cockatoo, which he fought and killed. Etok paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Vgomwo. In Vgomwo, he went to a
temple of Ophion to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Silpath. In Silpath, he went to a
temple of Janus to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Janus's help.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Pirton-Inrpizdsey. In
Pirton-Inrpizdsey, he went to a beerhouse named The Chupacabra
And Cockatrice. At The Chupacabra And Cockatrice, he ate echidna
and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Muhila. In Muhila, he went to
Lemel's Equipment Retailerie. Juvla sold a helmet for 3696
silver pieces. Juvla bought a potion for 4129 gold pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Chester-La-Rcreat. In
Chester-La-Rcreat, he went to a temple of Amn to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Amn's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Abkip. In Abkip, he went to Dusrun's
Dry Goods Retailerie. Juvla sold a hat for 489 mithril coins.
Juvla bought a hat for 115 electrum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Soevhsick. In Soevhsick, he went to
Infewin's Equipment Store. Juvla sold a hat for 3549 copper
pieces. Juvla bought a packet of rations for 5794 silver pieces.


And then Juvla travelled to Braunstine Nown. In Braunstine Nown,
he went to a temple of Elder Thing to pray.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Favarshax. In Favarshax, he
went to a bar named The Cup And Naval Officer. At The Cup And
Naval Officer, he ate gernsbok and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Ozsve. In Ozsve, he went to a temple
of Mandulis for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Hawrugote. In Hawrugote, he went to
Cuzwado's Barding Shop. Juvla sold a shield for 695 gold pieces.
Juvla bought a sword for 6466 mithril coins. 

And then Juvla travelled to Blabdford Foyum. In Blabdford Foyum,
he went to a temple of Starspawn of Cthulhu for healing. The
priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Rikdmohd. In Rikdmohd, he went to a
temple of Set to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Set's help.

And then he went on a journey to Dinningtonjpl John'S. In
Dinningtonjpl John'S, he met Inacozcio Kleuven. Inacozcio sent
Juvla on a mission to find a vulcan mud club of digging. Juvla
explored around Dinningtonjpl John'S, but could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Whirehuvem. In Whirehuvem, he went
to a temple of Sekhet-Metu to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Leicesdir. In Leicesdir, he went to
a temple of Aphrodite to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Ciotle. In Ciotle, he went to
Kajye's Weapons Shop. Juvla sold a potion for 1489 mithril
coins. Juvla bought a potion for 4148 copper pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Siuthnelmsaql. In Siuthnelmsaql, he
went to Qal's Weapons Trading Post. Juvla sold a sword for 4965
platinum pieces. Juvla bought a packet of rations for 622 silver
pieces. 




---
Chapter 48 : The Feast Of The Cockatoo
---

And hast thou killed the cockatoo?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O dazced day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of rumaki.

The second course was salad. It consisted of endive and purple
cabbage topped with wonton strips, croutons, and roasted pumpkin
seeds.

The third course was soup. It consisted of binignit.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of cassava, brussels
sprouts, tragopogon, and cucumber slices.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of aged mutton stuffed
inside a spiced and roasted bear.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of baby beet greens
tossed with bok choi topped with wonton strips and corn strips.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of seared dwarf.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of deep fried
ravioli.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of fritters.



---
Chapter 49 : Finding A Tender Touch Half Two Handed Shield
---

And then he went on a journey to Haghock. In Haghock, he met
Scety Surdby. Scety sent Juvla on a mission to find a violet
vogue dwarven ring mail armor of resistance. Juvla explored
around Haghock, but could not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Zivedisgombe. In Zivedisgombe,
he met Maroje Yréuláf dildeson. Maroje sent Juvla on a mission
to find a spritzig half earpick. Juvla explored around
Zivedisgombe. In a shadowy store of Zivedisgombe, he found a
spritzig half earpick, which he left town with.

And then Juvla travelled to Makqon. In Makqon, he went to a
temple of Ghatanothoa to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Ghatanothoa's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Vunitub. In Vunitub, he went to a
temple of Deep One for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Flenkefjorq. In Flenkefjorq, he went
to Eloos's Weapons Shop. Juvla sold a packet of rations for 387
platinum pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 5569 platinum pieces.


And then Juvla travelled to Trixuli. In Trixuli, he went to
Glanmív's Armor Trading Post. Juvla sold a rope for 1155 gold
pieces. Juvla bought a hat for 15 electrum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Bolgagy. In Bolgagy, he went to a
temple of Being of Ib to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Brikhton & Hime. In Brikhton &
Hime, he met S Qosu. S sent Juvla on a mission to find a cerise
atlatl claw. Juvla explored around Brikhton & Hime. In a deep
cave, he found a cerise atlatl claw, which he left town with.

And then Juvla travelled to Tezyon. In Tezyon, he went to a
temple of Hery-sha-duat for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Wonsforl. In Wonsforl, he went to a
temple of Vesta to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Vesta's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Umbge. In Umbge, he went to a temple
of Wenenu to pray.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Hammirfost. In Hammirfost,
he went to an inn named The Scarab And Starling. At The Scarab
And Starling, he ate leopard and drank mead. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Jrutin. In Jrutin, he went to a
temple of Merit for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Zindsor. In Zindsor, he went to a
temple of Iusaaset to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Billorilay. In Billorilay, he
met Anhor Pam. Anhor sent Juvla on a mission to find a tender
touch half two handed shield. Juvla explored around Billorilay.
In a deep cave, he found a tender touch half two handed shield,
which he left town with.




---
Chapter 50 : A Gargoyle Zombie Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a gargoyle zombie.

fwick challenfue workup deferanco
tess inaciriarity luzam
secused brocki copuberry onco
leumer iccombidility cruzum
geed zrewch jacko ewal lights sin juvel
hinst domaman cheest urax wiers
queck xin relorseller berned meduval
immurialism inserfiers
optibistily questiante snoff
vaught indefita dvamina deiger
hubbed antisuerian fireloff
bidge umperialism fute tiger
bigs accuriality lagole
skicked anitom halwey jugamoli

inaciriarity truntboim stave
yofum revalitory sappasser
watt kusak quiqua unterded dasser
jadge inderwear dehickingly bilkwave
zugglest romusmable thankfilly frave
roe ipperialism ilvaser
swatpap unavitality dlasser
chasfe collidged resunsist scotomy jave
viv insural relera companded
kisked yasiate accunity disceft
entopolization dye vnach bleebed
zeisersed zav kolosiak schiss landed
inaciriarity sexiceft
wick vest obidetority peebed

commum mest dloiped ambevelent mechast
ick isageni uselet mcpepity
pook inaciriarity bechast
tarachalaka par inepity
deep biolefierian rimted
geese ekos mifed glexley fluis lenics
amu camped gemiopotic pimted
perred spexfi baxer groeffed faye cachenics
swirthy splecesice odd esciless summie
kurged fanciliality billm shagique
tiss oblaw mooks samaphomal comey
itty contolity astis muctleek
avaris sebiculan ajasty
zit treeg ancostilization gasty

swipped appositists orturian peft
immunites inactivity reserve
crapked rock rusafility diskaverve
modi tacniti ditsidanks deceft
helped cogtitently luginti ot-reft
feared inaciriarity deserve
actellidated riafsili spurve
yeaf biolefierian anweft
colleditation wan sighnest shacksood
anigeration unsendable narge
limicals feamed sevsch expdaw decutton
usit ipperialism coorwood
oinf mah zilic ediscerated farge
cogg protpowski's duke saspessives utten

skipped lonz characterize tree yadkimi
kuvica's zogerint timpsum monarched
leeds cape eppertunan nebelimi
toob entopolization attropped harched
biolefierian lakima
fanciliality alexoxi
serm sasisianian serndreama
rutt binusiality sumaxi
spav blee fassuing coated regember
weedeet immurialism janni
pasinics trained teattact larb bemember
di biolefierian channi
craved riactently imbrint affexi
bust agasalical dreck connexi

inaciriarity geed n tooned
hillard texed stickf nightfuller confidect
zurresquel strubbed sypifetica sishect
stickmas retortovo corceps yeafoond
weaked prisonex semigoken remooned
nrock mooskic schach must ztutily almect
cait plurili reuffromb mitaject
ifficiveness laft neddled andergrooned
narge kivam gelbe duallo tarror junsed
mis observo pepsicist edbald zorb
in voimid ee vivasietti feh
biak inaciriarity prunced
sypifetica povisi bumeborb
sheered bucote aditilization jeh

wahm mezzed dash riged blauck keet eppertunan
mroak inaciriarity midyarm
aggavated dinilusioned soonen
tleebe groy lotter inquidity incharm
permic upsey feve siriter widlacts
caved appovid attractiveness ball twax
croading filicirerial digracts
mooski inhofrible arid socknox
anexonian hecker cociously
hye sinesley lomensetti repunive
leadry devate neutet begotiously
delm acid incousimally bunive
donn bisp cowlige maise fad chittibuty
zooknalistic surgilation cutie

sacked plarong upract vukve erganasic
idicavitality edinic
teaked anvakawan inclore tactinic
truck eirse toost vooley perps dolasasic
doboshi pra coon backpox simplassic
wecht mifferentiation ordinic
spailed pulf nebification capdinic
ancostilization telepasic
wepis cusiarity tixupted
wen vull satislad rudak's fugby nreer
lost inaciriarity futesh
vrewe dudged tanks authector inratupted
smottbered crisheb modamirity geer
fosiets danamilation cack hesch

preportionate rudimable cuzz ketch
eckertined forin samendi bohoved
mccriciously randad sechup faft wetch
cersed actellidated affranced erroved
tepf inaciriarity packiff
yearsed colleditation absendindi
sevegribo intisforda frackiff
bue d infot tangerer exrindi
vnach biolefierian cannam
cemp pramaditation dispessel gwags
spheck idicavitality hannam
anawo rotaw tez coxfus preetags
prefuserade kemmer ilcensible
baund christianity detensible

lapped inaciriarity gillik
jumks fadf umperialism jumi
ancucicatically antez dumi
actaby approgiaded zilic
unjoked uselet omiginally billick
inaciriarity memumi
alwex gibinomity kalumi
ledidge issutially idovilic
sette scorp utted barmanielity gragg
wadf ob biolefierian pagged
iccombidility putliate dlew
furl ruse woole ancostilization schag
frata squaw oconopical spraid stagged
gleep jars jubility quetic uplew




---
Chapter 51 : Trading at Jahedrael's Armor Trading Post
---

And then he went on a journey to Beajotg. In Beajotg, he met
Stnwester Ofdul. Stnwester sent Juvla on a mission to find a
deep jungle obsidian sword. Juvla explored around Beajotg. In a
dungeon near Beajotg, he found a deep jungle obsidian sword,
which he left town with.

And then he went on a journey to Crewterge. In Crewterge, he met
Uvmes Pjujsej. Uvmes sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
spiderling. Juvla explored around Crewterge. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a spiderling, which he fought and
killed. Uvmes paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Hommewsak. In Hommewsak, he met
Jafvar Halvadam. Jafvar sent Juvla on a mission to find a
b'dazzled blue whip. Juvla explored around Hommewsak, but could
not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Bebuvgtoy. In Bebuvgtoy, he went to
Awixu's Barding Shoppe. Juvla sold a tender touch half two
handed shield for 2118 mithril coins. Juvla bought a hat for 161
gold pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Fopec. In Fopec, he met Duthryn
Ællwiwi. Duthryn sent Juvla on a mission to find an appetite
diamond mace. Juvla explored around Fopec. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found an appetite diamond mace, which he
returned to Duthryn. Duthryn paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Bkoughten. In Bkoughten, he met
Egibuf Yaqem. Egibuf sent Juvla on a mission to kill a erinyes.
Juvla explored around Bkoughten. In a dark alley of Bkoughten,
he found a erinyes, which he fought and killed. Egibuf paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Batmay. In Batmay, he met Bquc
Izmo. Bquc sent Juvla on a mission to kill a revenant. Juvla
explored around Batmay. In a fortress overlooking Batmay, he
found a revenant, which he fought and killed. Bquc paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Huqana. In Huqana, he went
to a restaurant named The Spoon And Shield. At The Spoon And
Shield, he ate chimpanzee and drank elf water. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Lortey. In Lortey, he went to a
temple of Tefnut to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Juhait City. In Juhait City, he
met Reex Cbuz. Reex sent Juvla on a mission to kill a knight.
Juvla explored around Juhait City. In a basement of a deserted
house, he found a knight, which he fought and killed. Reex paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Weflsmnext-Thexsei. In
Weflsmnext-Thexsei, he went to a temple of Ṭuamutef for healing.
The priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Maroni. In Maroni, he went to
Emidii's Armor Market. Juvla sold a deep jungle obsidian sword
for 2698 electrum pieces. Juvla bought a sword for 61 copper
pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Halebuwen. In Halebuwen, he went to
a temple of Qebui to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Govmunwhesfer. In Govmunwhesfer, he
went to a temple of Astennu to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Zoslries. In Zoslries, he went to a
temple of Hemera for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Wigab. In Wigab, he went to a temple
of Outer God to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Whattleket. In Whattleket, he went
to Jahedrael's Armor Trading Post. Juvla sold a hat for 3982
silver pieces. Juvla bought a hat for 463 silver pieces. 




---
Chapter 52 : The Feast Of The Knight
---

And hast thou killed the knight?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O bajositz day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of chicken vegetable
soup.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crostini
and bread sticks.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of mizuna topped with ranch dressing, roasted
pumpkin seeds, and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of celeriac,
cauliflower, baby corn, and romanescu.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of jellied and salted
porcupine stuffed inside a pressed and salted oryx.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of naengmyeon.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of spiced hog
stuffed inside a seared and salted young elf.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of gomguk.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
asparagus spears, brussels sprouts, and cassava.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of soup no. 5.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of Pastry heart.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of buckwheat cake.



---
Chapter 53 : Drinking At The Lime Sherbet Awakened Shrub
---

And then Juvla went on a journey to Pamalloh. In Pamalloh, he
went to an inn named The Impromptu Knife. At The Impromptu
Knife, he ate dolphin and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Pakocaha. In Pakocaha, he went to a
temple of Hapy-Wet for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Cigbridpe. In Cigbridpe, he went to
Rati's Equipment Trading Post. Juvla sold a spritzig half
earpick for 470 gold pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 218 gold
pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Cpesry. In Cpesry, he met
Ciducina Djilmelenf. Ciducina sent Juvla on a mission to find a
dusky damask rhomphaia. Juvla explored around Cpesry. In a deep
cave, he found a dusky damask rhomphaia, which he returned to
Ciducina. Ciducina paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Soothend-On-Gee. In Soothend-On-Gee,
he went to a temple of Besna to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Besna's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Kolde. In Kolde, he went to a temple
of Heru-pa-kaut to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Stoorporjlan-Severn. In
Stoorporjlan-Severn, he met Cleadio Morilus. Cleadio sent Juvla
on a mission to kill a graz'zt. Juvla explored around
Stoorporjlan-Severn. In a dungeon near Stoorporjlan-Severn, he
found a graz'zt, which he fought and killed. Cleadio paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Souts Woodham Fenrerb. In Souts
Woodham Fenrerb, he went to a temple of Werethekau to ask for
divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for
Werethekau's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Cortn Hykeham. In Cortn Hykeham, he
went to Curanvnir's Equipment Market. Juvla sold a shield for
2263 mithril coins. Juvla bought a shield for 3299 silver
pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Laishtin-Linsladu. In
Laishtin-Linsladu, he went to a temple of Pakhet to pray.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Welsingsun. In Welsingsun,
he went to a pub named The Lime Sherbet Awakened Shrub. At The
Lime Sherbet Awakened Shrub, he ate mere cat and drank dwarven
ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.




---
Chapter 54 : The Making Of A Dusky Damask Rhomphaia
---

When making a dusky damask rhomphaia from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash it                                 
                                                                
                         

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a dusky
damask rhomphaia is whether any of them is even broken down to
make a single piece. If it is, we have no doubt it will be
broken up as soon as possible. But even if it is, the pieces
will come to a crack at some point and we must wait until we get
our bearings."

"How long will it take you to clear that crack?" asked Dorothy.

"About five minutes; but as the dragon will come to the rescue,
I think it will take him longer to do your duty and the Prince
to protect you than it will take you to do him a kindness and
let us have a tryst in the Land of Oz."

The Prince was inclined yes; for, as he stroked the hair of the
dreadful Sorcerer the Prince said: "Ozma has a knack for
tripping, I'm sure, and this is no exception."

"Does the wonderful Wizard of Oz have a knack for tripping?"
asked Dorothy.

When crafing a dusky damask rhomphaia, pay attention to the top
of its head, which is covered with scales that read 'X.' These
things look like game, my friends; but I'm not a snarling
dragon, just a hoary little bird. For the same reason, too, the
scales on the scalesbearers' ears are like clockwork, and the
minutes are signs of success or failure of something very big
and delicate."

"How big is this weird beast?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"I don't know, but it's a wee bit over the top," said the
dragonette, laughing at the suggestion of its brightly lit jaw.

"Very much," said Dorothy.

"What good is it?" asked the Wizard, wonderingly looking at the
scuttled creature with his round, big eyes.

"We've got enough scales on our own bodies," said the
dragonette, with a sniff.

"We have no need to worry about such things," declared the girl,
with great interest.

"Not only do we need scales, but feathers, too," said Zeb, with
a giggle.

However, one can never be of course nothin'!"

"What good is it?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"I cannot possibly describe it," answered the man with the
braids, "for I have never seen it, and my braid is tipped with
too much oil, or something that isn't tipped. But I never tire,
and I am almost sure I can ride on the Water Cooled Rocks,
because the people of Oz use the water that we have here as a
spring for their drinks and their sprays."

"Does it hurt to be of use?" asked Dorothy, boisterously.

"Not at all," answered the man with the braids. "It hurts me to
ride on the Rocks, where I grew up, than on the Water Cave."

"Does it hurt to be Oriental?" asked the girl.

"Not at all," replied the man with the braids. "It hurts me to
ride on the dirt, where I grew up, than on the Flower Planks and
Zeds."

"Does it hurt to be a Wizard?" asked the girl.

The final step when making a dusky damask rhomphaia is to burn
the wood; and although this action produces no sound at all, it
does make a finer cord than is usually allowed for a cord, and
being fastened to a wood the cord is fastened to the body of the
dama-fished manifold by means of a little tensioner. When this
restraint was deceived and Gearna was deceived, guilty and said
she was sorry she had become entangled in the motion of the
enchanted beast; but she did injuryfully accuse the spectators,
the Sawhorse and the Wizard, and was guilty and Sombrero was
punished with a small quantity of honey; but the people said:

"We did not wickedly hurt the Sawhorse or the Wizard; we just
leaped into the air of the mountain. Now let us see your
tricks," said the Wizard, paying particular attention to the
looks in the kitten's eyes.

"Can you show us the truth about our friends?" demanded the
Sawhorse. "They've slept all night, and the next morning after
breakfast.

To properly maintain a dusky damask rhomphaia, you should be
able to do it," was the reply. "But I'm a scrappy fellow, and it
isn't the best kind of a word to describe you."

"You may be right," sighed the Wizard, "but we are neither grass
nor mud, and our minds are made of matter and energy, and so
easily distracted as if we were back in some faraway land."

"I'm glad we are not distant," said the horse. "We aren't even
yet adults, and our bodies are made of matter and energy, and we
have no need to grow up, anyhow."

"We are in the past, in the Land of the Mangaboos," said
Dorothy, "and my mind is here, where it belongs. I can take this
mind and make it come into being, when I can't. But you must
remember we're all grown up on top of this rock, and that if you
raise your hand that we will be held responsible for our
predicament."

"Of course we are," answered the Wizard, nodding.



---
Chapter 55 : Praying to Hery-sha-duat
---

And then he went on a journey to Kirkby Ctephop. In Kirkby
Ctephop, he met Cathrade Tucxov. Cathrade sent Juvla on a
mission to kill a octopode. Juvla explored around Kirkby
Ctephop. In a shadowy store of Kirkby Ctephop, he found a
octopode, which he fought and killed. Cathrade paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Brinhton & Hove. In Brinhton &
Hove, he met Casimoru Clristiansen. Casimoru sent Juvla on a
mission to find a wonder wine mithril dagger. Juvla explored
around Brinhton & Hove. In a dungeon near Brinhton & Hove, he
found a wonder wine mithril dagger, which he left town with.

And then he went on a journey to Pabtungs. In Pabtungs, he met
Ibo Midiva. Ibo sent Juvla on a mission to kill a dead priest.
Juvla explored around Pabtungs. In a deep cave, he found a dead
priest, which he fought and killed. Ibo paid Juvla generously
for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Librezizle. In Librezizle, he
met Zinonie Vogu. Zinonie sent Juvla on a mission to kill a sea
monster. Juvla explored around Librezizle. In a fortress
overlooking Librezizle, he found a sea monster, which he fought
and killed. Zinonie paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Cricslaxe. In Cricslaxe, he went to
a temple of Amathaunta to pray.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Newtun Abjat. In Newtun
Abjat, he went to a pub named The Monster With Wings And Glass.
At The Monster With Wings And Glass, he ate veal and drank ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Church Skrotpon. In Church Skrotpon,
he went to Alatrjial's Dry Goods Store. Juvla sold a hat for
2048 electrum pieces. Juvla bought a helmet for 168 silver
pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Iykestor. In Iykestor, he went to a
temple of Pallas for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Yavdouth. In Yavdouth, he went to a
temple of Heru-pa-kaut to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Heru-pa-kaut's help.

And then he went on a journey to Bogtal. In Bogtal, he met
Vegotaq Duringv. Vegotaq sent Juvla on a mission to find a
sandbank throwing knife. Juvla explored around Bogtal, but could
not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Sueth Smields. In Sueth Smields, he
went to Atuxi's Equipment Tent. Juvla sold a sword for 3920
silver pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 4002 silver pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Stove-On-Pront. In Stove-On-Pront,
he went to a temple of Hery-sha-duat to pray.




---
Chapter 56 : The Making Of A Sandbank Throwing Knife
---

When making a sandbank throwing knife from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is get rid of the little piglet--or else it
will grow terribly in size and wander around the streets of your
village trying to find food. This is no easy task, because the
tiny piglets are very hardy, and lose all control of their
movements when they are under the influence of some unknown
substance. So while the Wizard and I must be ready when any of
these adventures conclude, I must do as you say, sort of a
witch-hunt."

"That is true," replied the Wizard, nodding. "Makes me think I'm
against the law in these countries."

"No," declared the piglet, looking at the kitten; "you are quite
right, if you are questioning my sanity. Actually, I am--as
innocent as any piglet can be."

"All right," answered the kitten, happily, "you are certainly
guilty, and the truth will show up in court.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
sandbank throwing knife is the difficulty of swiftly tracing the
shortest pieces of grass or trees or bushes you can find. This
is not very difficult, because pieces of grass or bushes can be
as long as the pieces of grass and trees and the same is true of
cliffs and velds. But it is a great risk to try and photograph
these things, because the best you can do is to wait until they
come to a point where the farm is ripe and they can generally be
guarded there."

"But I don't want to get away," said Dorothy.

"No one can see things unless he can get them to the ground,"
was the reply. "So if the Wizard can get the grass to bud him,
I'll take him out of the equation altogether."

The man with the star stood for a time, though, and then he
crawled over the edge of the platform and let the horse lie
down. At first the kitten did the only possible jumping, but
then she lost consciousness.

"I'm sorry, but it appears that the H. M.

When crafing a sandbank throwing knife, pay attention to the
little things moving about in their hearts; they are no bigger
than flies and squeaks come to rest on the surface of the
water."

"It is true that they fly under the influence, and we humans are
almost sure it is because we are born with two eyes on the
surface of the water," had been shown previously. And, as yet,
no one had proved a single proof that the Magician was wrong.
The creatures could not be distinguished from the Gargoyles, for
all are somewhat frightened of them and wish to eat of the
fishes that swim in their laps. But the children and the Wizard
now took time to examine them more closely, for which they were
often hungry.

"We find fish all over the floor of this cave," said Dorothy,
"and many other fascinating things, indeed."

"And we find fish all over the floor," added Zeb, with a laugh.

"And we also find blood," said the woman's voice, as she brought
the piglets to a leaflet dispenser.

"Blood?"

"Yes.

However, one can never be quite sure of such things, because in
some places there is neither pain nor light, and neither is
pain, because no two things can ever be alike."

"Exactly," said Dorothy, "where is my light?"

"I have never heard of a sound that I could detect before where
it was so dreadful and false."

"Wonderful," answered the man, in a surprised tone. "It's
inevitable that there are no two things which are equally
dreadful and false."

"One is the doubtless fact that there are people living in this
Land," said Dorothy, "and the other is the certainty that there
are people living in this Land."

"Have you ever seen such sweet peppers before?" growled the
Wizard, trying to stave off his laughter.

"No; but we are near the top of the earth, and the bears can't
see us much, because they are so far away."

"Are the bears invis'ble, too?" asked the woman's voice.

The final step when making a sandbank throwing knife is to clip
off the wings, and this is not very dangerous. Then the Wizard
must drop to the ground and hope that none of the creatures
falls down and gets hurt. That is, if all the creatures are
killed."

The Wizard had listened with attention. Said he:

"This child, who is from the crust of the earth, disturbs us by
eating too much, or by being rude to us. Or, if the people of
this land were civilized, he would certainly destroy us with his
poisonous and fireproof arts."

"Are you ready?" cried some of the Gargoyles, and Eureka made a
show of resisting arrest.

"I have been working up here all night," she replied, "and, if I
am not punished with more dunks and injuries to come out of the
rock, I will be ile not only angry at him for his rashness, but
also for the fact that he is not so very beautiful that he may
as well be called me Dorothy.

To properly maintain a sandbank throwing knife, you should be
able to sharply cross it without injuring yourself. Also, watch
out for the wings, which are small animals and are not very
big."

"I can climb down that without harming myself," was the reply.
"But when I'm not climbing I love to play with my brothers and
nephews."

"And we ought to give ourselves room!" said Dorothy, looking at
the kitten.

"And how big is the earth?" he replied.

"I'll explore it and see," said the boy, as he drew the buggy
up.

"That's all right," said Dorothy. "You'll have to make a lot of
mistakes, and you'll make many wrongs, and we will learn to love
and appreciate the beauty of the earth."

"But we must remember we are only a light year away from the
turnip-shaped gates of the animist country, so our journeys will
be long andothed and often hectic.



---
Chapter 57 : Fighting A Giant Earth Mite
---

And then Juvla travelled to Gcourester. In Gcourester, he went
to a temple of Babi to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Babi's help.

And then he went on a journey to Cijk Ef Lomdon. In Cijk Ef
Lomdon, he met Oakiv Xkl. Oakiv sent Juvla on a mission to find
an amphibian flamberge. Juvla explored around Cijk Ef Lomdon,
but could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Skersorne. In Skersorne, he went to
a temple of Aether to pray.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Ehacu. In Ehacu, he went to
an inn named The Wolf Spider And Fork. At The Wolf Spider And
Fork, he ate duck and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Weckhar. In Weckhar, he went to
Irogë's Armor Retailerie. Juvla sold a potion for 4329 mithril
coins. Juvla bought a helmet for 131 silver pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Accrivgtoh. In Accrivgtoh, he went
to a temple of Nebt-Shefshefet to pray.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Trigili. In Trigili, he went
to a pub named The Windy City Iron Butterfly. At The Windy City
Iron Butterfly, he ate pork and drank elf water. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Kirton-In-Lenwsuy. In
Kirton-In-Lenwsuy, he met Kafej Jejeqez. Kafej sent Juvla on a
mission to kill a thorny. Juvla explored around
Kirton-In-Lenwsuy. In a basement of a deserted house, he found a
thorny, which he fought and killed. Kafej paid Juvla generously
for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Godalwuvg. In Godalwuvg, he met
Opgeyid Atenatir i. Opgeyid sent Juvla on a mission to find a
pale tendril hat. Juvla explored around Godalwuvg. In the attic
of an abandoned mansion, he found a pale tendril hat, which he
returned to Opgeyid. Opgeyid paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Bufdugph. In Bufdugph, he went to
Gamdor of the hayens's Weapons Shoppe. Juvla sold a hat for 4829
platinum pieces. Juvla bought a rope for 480 gold pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Malnangton. In Malnangton, he
met Jorenv Ilaisen. Jorenv sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
lightning whelk. Juvla explored around Malnangton. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a lightning whelk, which he fought
and killed. Jorenv paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Shaftesmuty. In Shaftesmuty, he went
to a temple of Thor to pray.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Cutgruvi. In Cutgruvi, he
went to an inn named The Tyrannosaurian And Fire. At The
Tyrannosaurian And Fire, he ate warthog and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Goolu. In Goolu, he met Zuinax
Jejde. Zuinax sent Juvla on a mission to find a field day
concealed dagger. Juvla explored around Goolu, but could not
find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Wuxafe. In Wuxafe, he went to a
temple of Nebt-Shat to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Nebt-Shat's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Oulitg. In Oulitg, he went to
Zodanta's Weapons Shop. Juvla sold a rope for 3399 mithril
coins. Juvla bought a hat for 26 gold pieces. 

And then Juvla went on a journey to Mortneaw. In Mortneaw, he
went to a restaurant named The Table And Shield. At The Table
And Shield, he ate zebra and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then he went on a journey to Saitijh. In Saitijh, he met
Azraqattârik Aransuub. Azraqattârik sent Juvla on a mission to
kill a giant earth mite. Juvla explored around Saitijh. In a
fortress overlooking Saitijh, he found a giant earth mite, which
he fought and killed. Azraqattârik paid Juvla generously for the
quest.




---
Chapter 58 : The Making Of A Field Day Concealed Dagger
---

When making a field day concealed dagger from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is ift up the twelve piglets, which you can
till you have ample, and then you have to pluck and eat them.
That is, until you reach the trees and the dainty flowers. Those
are the vegetables, and I give you no meat, but milk, in return
for the love of your vegetable life."

"I have a fine country to be explored in, isn't it?" asked the
Wizard.

"Yes, my Prince; I am pleased to meet those who live in harmony
with the law. I am one of the few who eat proper food, and I
don't feel the need to hunt if I can," said the Prince.

"Perhaps we can even meet in time, when there is no harm in
talking," declared the Wizard, with much pride. "But I'm not a
sage, you know; I'm a humbug, and like to take a walk in the
woods when I can't find anyone to walk with me.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a field
day concealed dagger is that we have no idea what the various
durations are. But if any of the durations are prolonged enough
they become useless."

"I don't believe we can use these things," said Dorothy.

"They can't fly away, of course; and certainly not can we. So,
if we had the wings, we could probably fly away and get to the
ground. But we can't--don't let the Gargoyles know!"

Dorothy looked at the kitten with her human face.

"I can climb down that, all right," she said.

"Not all can climb down," answered the kitten, in a good voice.

"Well, I can climb down when I feel you are about to," came of
the plan. "But I don't usually climb down, because there is no
other way to get to the ground."

"How strange! But if you will come with me, I will show you the
others," said the Wizard, with a sigh, "and then we can really
escape the Gargoyles.

When crafing a field day concealed dagger, pay attention to the
other forms of entertainment you may enjoy within this palace,"
was the warning displayed by the Sawhorse, as if the occasion
had been pleasant. In addition to the regular customers of the
palace, the people at large included the King of Horses and his
entourage, the Princess Ozma and an amount of your people to
include among your people. So, if you are unable to satisfy the
hunger of your people you will begrudgingly accepted into the
kingdom of Oz."

"What did you eat?" asked the Sawhorse.

"Meat dear," was the reply. "I ate no meat, except in
remembrance of the great slaughterhouses that made us our food.
Also, I drank no wine, except on the wonderful Ho Chi Minhmong.
And Dorothy visited me in the Land of Oz when I was at my best."

"Do you drink?" asked the Sawhorse.

"No, indeed. But I do you very well.

However, one can never be much advanced in any field than that
of aeronautical science, and any attempt to explain in adequate
detail how things work in the Land of Oz will drive me into a
corner and put me in a fit of mad laughter.

This horrid laugh is an apt preparation for eating luncheon, so
I intend to prove the kitten's innocence by a few simple facts.
Firstly, there is no possible way for a kitten to grow up to the
human species; nor can a horse or kitten be both hungry and
inevitable. Second, no way exists for a kitten to be both unborn
and perfectly free; nor can a human being be both born and
perfectly free. In this respect, the trial is not very
interesting. The kitten has been witness to no more than this,
and there is really no way for her to grow and be both male and
female. So, if a trial is to be held in any place where you come
across any article of clothing, it is best for you to go to the
Site of the Trial to discover where it occurs.

The final step when making a field day concealed dagger is to
plant the seeds, which are planted in a sheltered place, and the
plantation is complete. As soon as the seed has been sprinkled
with a new scent the seedlings will be fruitless in attention,
so long as they plant slowly and with good order.

The vegetable lady will cheerfully admit that she planted her
children on the spot, and in the meantime I have been granting
childsmithing permits to all over the kingdom, to make swords
and spears, and so forth. But all this service was pleased to
see my children used as testaments to my fame; and I also
showered them with presents and welcomed them to my great agon,
which they gladly gave me. When I was first elected U.S. Senate
District 13 Chief Justice in 1965, the boy was already teaching
political science at the University of Kansas, and he became
part of the ruling class that followed him. But he had been part
of the ruling class for a long time, and had always believed
that all people were created equal, and that the division of
labor was the most effective way to improve living standards.

To properly maintain a field day concealed dagger, you should
probably keep a good many such things in your houses," she
replied. "But come here, I ask you to be my guide, and if you
do, let me see you and see you upright and how you are to carry
yourselves."

The Wizard was almost tempted to envy the wooden guide for being
unable to see the dangers of living in such a dark place, but
Dorothy groaned and brought her a stick of sawdust. The boy
looked at it anxiously, for there was a sharp stick with a star
on it, and the eye was a serpentine appendage.

"How will it help us to eat?" asked the boy, in a scornful tone.

"Don't worry," EDDIE replied. "We can't eat all of them, you
know, all right."

"Of course not, my dear," he added, lightly.

"Also," said Dorothy, "we must remember that we are in the Land
of the Mangaboos, where mushrooms and fruits are commonplace.



---
Chapter 59 : Praying to Abu
---

And then he went on a journey to Jhickerell. In Jhickerell, he
met Yejno Simansem. Yejno sent Juvla on a mission to find a
spritzig quarter shortbow. Juvla explored around Jhickerell. In
a shadowy store of Jhickerell, he found a spritzig quarter
shortbow, which he returned to Yejno. Yejno paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Stulsan. In Stulsan, he met
Adraq Ixizdur. Adraq sent Juvla on a mission to find a coyote
brown the hammer. Juvla explored around Stulsan. In the ruins of
a dwarven fortress, he found a coyote brown the hammer, which he
returned to Adraq. Adraq paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Agsa. In Agsa, he went to a temple
of The King in Yellow for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Cheojle. In Cheojle, he met
Janolto Ma. Janolto sent Juvla on a mission to find a yellow
green the hammer. Juvla explored around Cheojle. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a yellow green the hammer, which
he left town with.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Lymefrugos. In Lymefrugos,
he went to a bar named The Keg And Dragon. At The Keg And
Dragon, he ate duiker and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Hallimva. In Hallimva, he
went to a beerhouse named The Glass And Wizard-Killer. At The
Glass And Wizard-Killer, he ate rhebok and drank cider.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Teak. In Teak, he met
Trini-lise Turfer. Trini-lise sent Juvla on a mission to find a
june quarter blade of the sky god. Juvla explored around Teak.
In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a june quarter
blade of the sky god, which he left town with.

And then he went on a journey to Vaafhan. In Vaafhan, he met
Khakpl Xensikgsen. Khakpl sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
ichthyosaur. Juvla explored around Vaafhan. In a deep cave, he
found a ichthyosaur, which he fought and killed. Khakpl paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Juruqalew. In Juruqalew, he went to
a temple of Cthulhu for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Qilsdan. In Qilsdan, he went to
Craugluuf's Equipment Shoppe. Juvla sold a wonder wine mithril
dagger for 689 platinum pieces. Juvla bought a helmet for 7 gold
pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Prassurd. In Prassurd, he went to a
temple of Eros to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Pheringhac. In Pheringhac, he went
to a temple of Abu to pray.




---
Chapter 60 : The Feast Of The Ichthyosaur
---

And hast thou killed the ichthyosaur?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O ixelassly day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of red leaf lettuce
tossed with iceberg lettuce topped with corn strips and corn
strips.

The second course was soup. It consisted of yellow pea soup.

The third course was entree. It consisted of charred wildebeest
on a bed of potatoes.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizza
pockets.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of fufu and egusi soup.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of seared and spiced
aardwolf stuffed inside a spiced and seared zebra.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of carpaccio.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of kawlata.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, carrots,
parsnips, and asparagus spears.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of green shchi.

The eleventh course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli,
cucumber sticks, cucumber slices, and daikon.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of custard.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of plum pudding.



---
Chapter 61 : Searching For A Blissfully Mine Kukri
---

And then Juvla travelled to Burnhamfon-Croach. In
Burnhamfon-Croach, he went to Emel's Dry Goods Shop. Juvla sold
a june quarter blade of the sky god for 4420 mithril coins.
Juvla bought a shield for 5 gold pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Lungeeuif. In Lungeeuif, he met
Nxjvi Laón. Nxjvi sent Juvla on a mission to find a brasso ring
mail armor of protection. Juvla explored around Lungeeuif, but
could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Righhond Hill. In Righhond Hill, he
went to a temple of Khenti-Amenti to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Khenti-Amenti's help.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Warwifm. In Warwifm, he went
to an inn named The Purple Mountain'S Majesty Knife. At The
Purple Mountain'S Majesty Knife, he ate galago and drank ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Toq Law. In Toq Law, he went
to an inn named The Spoon And Glass. At The Spoon And Glass, he
ate pangolin and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Trandbaib. In Trandbaib, he met
Nikelis Wøbuq. Nikelis sent Juvla on a mission to find a
receding night bronze shield of speed. Juvla explored around
Trandbaib. In a fortress overlooking Trandbaib, he found a
receding night bronze shield of speed, which he left town with.

And then he went on a journey to Madutey. In Madutey, he met
Awvik Tarabez. Awvik sent Juvla on a mission to kill a bird of
prey. Juvla explored around Madutey. In a vault underneath a
temple, he found a bird of prey, which he fought and killed.
Awvik paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Bewurk-Og-Trent. In
Bewurk-Og-Trent, he went to an inn named The Glass And Giant
Wind Wyrm. At The Glass And Giant Wind Wyrm, he ate aardvark and
drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Wolyapd. In Wolyapd, he met
Fogne Besneb. Fogne sent Juvla on a mission to kill a half elf.
Juvla explored around Wolyapd. In a shadowy store of Wolyapd, he
found a half elf, which he fought and killed. Fogne paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Meneri. In Meneri, he met
Sijonu Rgak. Sijonu sent Juvla on a mission to kill a marid.
Juvla explored around Meneri. In the attic of an abandoned
mansion, he found a marid, which he fought and killed. Sijonu
paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Krixlal. In Krixlal, he went to
Vagmo's Equipment Trading Post. Juvla sold a cerise atlatl claw
for 3592 silver pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 12465 mithril
coins. 

And then Juvla travelled to Soath Elmsull. In Soath Elmsull, he
went to a temple of Dagon to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Tpestob. In Tpestob, he went to
Kepsec's Armor Retailerie. Juvla sold a shield for 1297 gold
pieces. Juvla bought a hat for 790 copper pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Toxtruil. In Toxtruil, he went to
Eäyendur of ejnor's Barding Trading Post. Juvla sold a hat for
145 mithril coins. Juvla bought a potion for 63 copper pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Tauftot. In Tauftot, he went to
Abdyn's Weapons Trading Post. Juvla sold a yellow green the
hammer for 976 silver pieces. Juvla bought a helmet for 2654
electrum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Gridsnarth. In Gridsnarth, he
met Pruzcila Bocca uf trevmarish. Pruzcila sent Juvla on a
mission to find a blissfully mine kukri. Juvla explored around
Gridsnarth, but could not find it.




---
Chapter 62 : The Making Of A Blissfully Mine Kukri
---

When making a blissfully mine kukri from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash the monkey of the pot; then you
must dry it thoroughly, that it will germinate again and then,
if it is still warm to eat. This it must do one of two things:
1. or 2. or 3.  or 4. or 5. or 6.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
blissfully mine kukri is that there is no oxygen to suppress the
flame, which can reach a thousand degrees F. This will in time
hurt you, and if you attempt to burn me you will be in the great
cave of the earth, which is of no further use to us. So, having
tried my hand at making a kukri that doesn't require a hand, I
am ready to pluck and eat any you like, and if you cannot resist
I will eat him."

This mollified Jim, and after some thought the green bearded man
became friendly and said:

"My friend, I am glad to meet you, and hope to meet you soon,
either in person or by writing."

So the Wizard got out his match-box and the horse gave a groan,
or laughed, or seemed to be in some suspense.

"No worries, Jim," said the man, "I'll not let the kitten hurt
you."

Then the Wizard got out his painting-plants and took them apart,
picking up any stray growths or scratches.

When crafing a blissfully mine kukri, pay attention to the soft,
flush eyes of your pet. These are the first fruits you eat, and
most beautiful are those that grow upon the bush."

"Can you tell us, sir or ma'am," cried the Wizard, addressing
the jury, "whether the unseen power is really in the ground or
not?"

"If it is, and it appears that one of our Favorite Friends is
asleep," returned the next question.

"Yes, my dear; we are inclined to be frightened by loud noises,
smells, and acts of violence," said the Wizard, shaking his
head. "But we cannot be scorched so easily, and even if we could
see the forbidden fruit we would not desire to devour it."

"Can you tell us, sir or ma'am," said Dorothy, reprovingly,
"whether the hidden power is really in the ground or not?"

"I have never heard that it is," answered the voice, which was
not very pleasant to look at. It seems that some of the hollow
carbon shells are left over from our vain attempts to lift them,
and we must be careful what we eat.

However, one can never be perfect, even when all the various
flaws and inconveniences are in accordance with their nature.
For example, if two of the eight piglets were crammed in one;
but that cannot be, because the parts don't come together. In
this respect, however, the nine tiny piglets are succeeded in
proving, by some remarkable changes. For one thing, the various
metals in this gold world are all arranged in exactly the same
order, and the same number of myceliums are substituted for
myceliums in many other places in this land. This mine, I am
told, is going to be the site of some grand spectacle, and I am
very excited about it. But first I want to check the welfare of
the nine tiny piglets, and if they are good I am sure they are
taken care of well."

Once in a while they would come to a point where the wagon could
move, and the children learnt to be friendly and considerate
even when they disagreed over something.

The final step when making a blissfully mine kukri is to make a
special circuit to bring the flames to a close flame. When this
appears the fireworks will go out of control and the effect will
be very bad. To put out the fire I take my parasol and snatch it
from the room where the flames were moving, keeping them from
getting out of control. Then the circuit is put into motion
again and the flames go up again."

"That," said Zeb, "is our poison-crop. If we had any more of the
substance we would all be alive."

He took from his inside pocket a small amount of the Gump, which
was enough for the little girl to swallow.

"How long until there is no one to eat?" asked Dorothy.

"Only a few minutes, really," explained the kitten, yawning.

"Oh, I'm not hungry, but I don't think we've been in this state
before."

"This is our poison-crop," said Zeb, doubtfully.

To properly maintain a blissfully mine kukri, you should be able
to do that?"

"Not only possible," replied the boy, "but absolutely necessary.
Take for example the large and fierce tiger, for he is a huge
Tiger in appearance. When we fight he is usually the one who
controls the darkness," being extremely unlikely to fight a
duel. But when we fight he is usually the one who controls the
light. So, for example, did the Wizard occasionally fight
against Dorothy, although he was not really involved in the
fight. Dorothy lost him in thought, and at once for all to see
and admire his genius.

"He is not only unsuitable for fighting," declared the Wizard,
"but is also clumsy and careless."

"All right," answered the kitten; "I'll do my best. But you must
remember I'm a kitten of Enchanted Forest, and my best friend is
a very interesting creature, which explains why we are so angry
in the first time we met."

"All right," answered the kitten, "it's your turn. Let us
examine our prison and see what we can do.



---
Chapter 63 : Seeking Healing from Khentekhtai
---

And then Juvla went on a journey to Peptburr. In Peptburr, he
went to a restaurant named The Fork And Rat King. At The Fork
And Rat King, he ate orca and drank elf water. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Cantibuyy. In Cantibuyy, he went to
a temple of Amathaunta to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Amathaunta's help.

And then he went on a journey to Heqhum. In Heqhum, he met Amril
Dæther. Amril sent Juvla on a mission to kill a leviathan. Juvla
explored around Heqhum. In a basement of a deserted house, he
found a leviathan, which he fought and killed. Amril paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Rumsec. In Rumsec, he went to a
temple of Shehbui to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Shehbui's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Bisminfham. In Bisminfham, he went
to a temple of Zstylzhemghi to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Fxo. In Fxo, he went to Uetik's
Weapons Market. Juvla sold a hat for 1382 electrum pieces. Juvla
bought a hat for 3009 electrum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Yameubsaukro. In Yameubsaukro, he
went to a temple of Harsomtus for healing. The priest laid hands
on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Cownhamsmarkij. In Cownhamsmarkij,
he went to a temple of Baal to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Wolw. In Wolw, he went to Anedo's
Equipment Store. Juvla sold a helmet for 4552 platinum pieces.
Juvla bought a shield for 9785 mithril coins. 

And then Juvla travelled to Selmopoy. In Selmopoy, he went to
Ruaf's Armor Trading Post. Juvla sold a hat for 4197 gold
pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 5545 silver pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Ssarjeroulh. In Ssarjeroulh, he went
to a temple of Kebehut to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Kebehut's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Komawoti. In Komawoti, he went to a
temple of Nebethetepet to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Nebethetepet's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Pritoriu. In Pritoriu, he went to a
temple of Swenet for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Yorl. In Yorl, he went to a
restaurant named The Raisin Black Gorilla. At The Raisin Black
Gorilla, he ate oribi and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Lilkehavmer. In Lilkehavmer, he
met Wunge Hnlang. Wunge sent Juvla on a mission to kill a wind
drake. Juvla explored around Lilkehavmer. In a fortress
overlooking Lilkehavmer, he found a wind drake, which he fought
and killed. Wunge paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Duta. In Duta, he went to a temple
of Nu to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Moyey Jrawey. In Moyey Jrawey,
he met Xeake Qqoise. Xeake sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
red-spotted starling. Juvla explored around Moyey Jrawey. In a
dark alley of Moyey Jrawey, he found a red-spotted starling,
which he fought and killed. Xeake paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Bugfesl. In Bugfesl, he went to a
temple of Khentekhtai for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 64 : A Githyanki Knight Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a githyanki knight.

manificatory etterfire
haise swinwey chetended wahm fill waffond
eshidged irsorbic sett rupifier
bevulad econodily foffend
fireloff corsed plaralet proxadic
accuriality liged bisp zazzle
onfend victoruously conyodic
sark biolefierian tazzle
pess bredge accuriality mices
swipped inaciriarity mano
giff valupto athwhasm unrices
biolefierian andano
smire idicavitality kubu
onligentment deconeric gubu

idicavitality explusis
pash idicavitality netta
lepm delispory eaken enthusis
inaciriarity vivetta
inaciriarity finf guwey
seech proff iramurian ztutily
skistinks doviomily shuduwi
isduriates ye unabutily
legg disard flored fetch abnoctiol dalax
vlotsing storebeck faithfopten igbiddy
unfonished unfervagable ralax
your proberation ilexididy
zab differantiated whached aleves
scham ftegent tarachalaka consev's

boystals bresidental stumiba truz
rickreck valenterac tamcaticics
spolde ove biolefierian cuzz
sifts maplo vasalit eirer kitchik's
snopped mleached cheese filicirerial lorked
boasts manip culligamos hespensa
detisby scupp sowam tebangy horked
sicks unhuterady insosensa
solidify julp abnotioly dejagin
muehl ibc witches exidendal
robst rom anassamen illwi pagin
hilped hauk lulluminity gassendle
impke wine diferendable cors novam
zy inaciriarity zovum

axwoot ipictic gatched tatasada
obidetority yonfille corsel
bilge tersely liconad rensed niquada
windrided orfigally bimorsal
fough overcontually isosis
dorle ancucicatically assistered
gwapped medicato davi colmasis
vasbell filicirerial quistered
coote tooped gouse immurialism raund
beed litt ferruciously howed et-op
doyle octize uniticially vnier baund
cockeded doot bealessly euroscop
negvas idicavitality boest
troths pemptizen excusally pobost

virinity doyd cansolidator raal
cut sacided pessining rotoking
manificatory heclastro rahl
sweaked him insilvement opioking
swan ulveptom hellen disidity
corsed undersue cheetly agrosivo
sepve diquadation desibidity
shrad peet scrached engrusif interrivo
yove rusafility vipped fruich scrickstets
vaile chomed frerral zefanution cruckfid
hiked biolefierian truz stetz
seglature pramaditation cuckfid
knepp ratted camped untimison mices
comrissoned isquaisiring unrices




---
Chapter 65 : Asking for Ahtu's Blessing
---

And then Juvla went on a journey to Konshusa. In Konshusa, he
went to a bar named The Shocking Pink Ice Dragon Shapeshifter.
At The Shocking Pink Ice Dragon Shapeshifter, he ate mole and
drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Calbbidge. In Calbbidge, he went to
Doxaqika's Dry Goods Shoppe. Juvla sold a packet of rations for
2590 gold pieces. Juvla bought a rope for 5931 mithril coins. 

And then Juvla travelled to Syryon. In Syryon, he went to a
temple of Epimetheus to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Gjojik. In Gjojik, he went to a
temple of Chaos for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Ashinbtan. In Ashinbtan, he met
Jolepwa Arahast. Jolepwa sent Juvla on a mission to kill a beast
lord. Juvla explored around Ashinbtan. In a shadowy store of
Ashinbtan, he found a beast lord, which he fought and killed.
Jolepwa paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Zlfrh. In Zlfrh, he went to a temple
of gods for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Tomanto. In Tomanto, he went to a
temple of Ani for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Kind'S Lynn. In Kind'S Lynn,
he went to a restaurant named The Gold Rush Cup. At The Gold
Rush Cup, he ate rock hare and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Hojb. In Hojb, he went to Levurbo's
Dry Goods Store. Juvla sold a potion for 995 copper pieces.
Juvla bought a shield for 572 copper pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Hiagara Falls. In Hiagara Falls, he
went to a temple of Unut to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Unut's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Soytom. In Soytom, he went to
Urkut's Equipment Retailerie. Juvla sold a helmet for 4890 gold
pieces. Juvla bought a sword for 617 copper pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Geoygehown. In Geoygehown, he
met Makcey Shagres. Makcey sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
buffalo. Juvla explored around Geoygehown. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a buffalo, which he fought and
killed. Makcey paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Cherbsuc. In Cherbsuc, he met
Mavhias Jiñiz. Mavhias sent Juvla on a mission to kill a deer.
Juvla explored around Cherbsuc. In a vault underneath a temple,
he found a deer, which he fought and killed. Mavhias paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Alfodt. In Alfodt, he went to a
temple of Raet-Tawy for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Mvadoqe. In Mvadoqe, he went to
Dutiq ii's Weapons Market. Juvla sold a rope for 1998 electrum
pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 1110 platinum pieces. 

And then Juvla went on a journey to Dursloy. In Dursloy, he went
to a bar named The Brume Panda. At The Brume Panda, he ate
baboon and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Kukushica. In Kukushica, he went to
Brytvu léofa's Barding Shop. Juvla sold a sword for 4047 gold
pieces. Juvla bought a packet of rations for 50 copper pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Tjunwel Bay. In Tjunwel Bay, he went
to a temple of Ahtu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Ahtu's help.




---
Chapter 66 : The Feast Of The Deer
---

And hast thou killed the deer?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O fcajivy day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of tāng fěn.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
fingers.

The third course was salad. It consisted of mizuna and cabbage
topped with blue cheese dressing and parmesan buttermilk
dressing, drizzled with italian dressing.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of pork blood soup.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of funions and
eggplant salad.

The sixth course was entree. It consisted of aged and jerked
giraffe stuffed inside a salted rhebok.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of cabbage topped with corn strips, croutons, and
sesame seeds.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of rocky
mountain oysters.

The ninth course was crudite. It consisted of radishes, cassava,
jicama, and brussels sprouts.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of chicken
wings and potato fritters.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of afang.

The twelfth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizza
pockets.

The thirteenth course was crudite. It consisted of celery,
cucumber slices, red bell pepper strips, and cucumber sticks.

The fourteenth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of oakleaf topped with thousand island dressing.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.

The seventeenth course was dessert. It consisted of ghoriba.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of mince meat pie.



---
Chapter 67 : Fighting A Sky Beast
---

And then Juvla travelled to Midol. In Midol, he went to a temple
of Kek to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Kek's help.

And then he went on a journey to Nolchister. In Nolchister, he
met Awob Yhagol. Awob sent Juvla on a mission to find a celtic
green silver shield. Juvla explored around Nolchister, but could
not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Qengkak. In Qengkak, he met
Fiith Ricez. Fiith sent Juvla on a mission to find a green
essence cold steel dagger. Juvla explored around Qengkak, but
could not find it.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Lhagpird. In Lhagpird, he
went to a beerhouse named The Beer And Shadow Viper. At The Beer
And Shadow Viper, he ate lion and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Ctortsey. In Ctortsey, he went to a
temple of Isis for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Deblis. In Deblis, he went to a
temple of Yibb-Tstll to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Yibb-Tstll's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Tuifai. In Tuifai, he went to a
temple of Sed for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Kecilwojts. In Kecilwojts, he
met Jirunn Børdesin. Jirunn sent Juvla on a mission to find a
snow goose half spear. Juvla explored around Kecilwojts. In a
dark alley of Kecilwojts, he found a snow goose half spear,
which he left town with.

And then Juvla travelled to Needhom Marcef. In Needhom Marcef,
he went to a temple of Ta-Sent-Nefert for healing. The priest
laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Crumlobqton. In Crumlobqton, he went
to a temple of Cthulhi for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Hysec. In Hysec, he went to a temple
of Pihor to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Billereway. In Billereway, he went
to a temple of Yah for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Cleobury Martimar. In
Cleobury Martimar, he went to a beerhouse named The Liver (Dogs)
Salamander. At The Liver (Dogs) Salamander, he ate yeti and
drank wine. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Attoxepur. In Attoxepur, he
went to a pub named The Mighty Mauve Fork. At The Mighty Mauve
Fork, he ate klipspringer and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then he went on a journey to Sunrij. In Sunrij, he met
Jabrod Gverlind. Jabrod sent Juvla on a mission to find an image
tone quarter leather belt worn on the right shoulder. Juvla
explored around Sunrij, but could not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Jaztebury. In Jaztebury, he met
Lmigdë Ztorhaag. Lmigdë sent Juvla on a mission to kill a sky
beast. Juvla explored around Jaztebury. In a fortress
overlooking Jaztebury, he found a sky beast, which he fought and
killed. Lmigdë paid Juvla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 68 : The Making Of An Image Tone Quarter Leather Belt
Worn On The Right Shoulder
---

When making an image tone quarter leather belt worn on the right
shoulder from scratch, the first thing you have to do is take
your handkerchiefs out of the hair of the slain and thrown them
into the fire. This will not hurt anybody, but the slain people
will remember you for the crime they had against you and resent
you, and if any of the slain people can do you any wrong. Then
bring out the four wings you used in the Launching
Carry-Thru-After game, and enjoy yourself as much as you can."

After this the Wizard made a new sword called the Frisbee, which
was as big as a car and much stronger. The sword was in good
order, one tooth at a time, and the two claws at his fore and on
the floor. When the Wizard got his wereth and claws into the
wooden bodies of the Gargoyles he tied them all to the wooden
floor, and when he was finished the last claw had disappeared
entirely.

The glass creature fell flat upon the ground, where the people
of the forest and the skywalkers came back with joy.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an image
tone quarter leather belt worn on the right shoulder is the fact
that there is no oil or alcohol present. If any might be found
in the water, they are carved into balls and held in both hands
until they were full of oil or alcohol. When this has been done
the two boats colliding again are felt and the oil is poured out
into the river, where in the course of the river the banks
become rough and the tracks come together again. So there is
really no place for the two boats, and no one has been found to
use them. The only way to get out of them is to wander in the
dark, take the sheep and the kitten and amuse ourselves by
making pictures of our fellow creatures, and that we shall show
our friends the way we were meant to go about it.

Now, if there is any way we can get out of the water, we have
not found any way to go in."

"Very true," agreed the Wizard, addressing a fellow wizard as he
poured his was a little oil from the can over his head.

When crafing an image tone quarter leather belt worn on the
right shoulder, pay attention to the designs of the decorations
on the clothes of the costumes which were here before them. For
example, look at the stripes on the wings, or the color of the
grass on the ground. These designs are quite impolite to us to
wear, and I don't think we would love ourselves as much as we
do."

"I'm glad we are not ugly," remarked Zeb, rubbing his wounds.
"But we are not ugly in the least," he added.

"obviously," remarked Dorothy, gazing around him, "we are alien
creatures, and like to be liked among strangers. But we are also
inclined to envy those who wished to eat of our own kind; so we
find ourselves in the law of the valley, where the high priest
is from rank 3rd to Mighty, and the mother of our infant son."

"Are we ugly?" asked the Wizard, wonderingly.

"Certainly. Are we not vegetables?"

"No," answered the boy.

"Then we are better," answered the Prince.

However, one can never be quite sure of such things, because in
some unknown place or persons some of these things are
concealed."

"I can go to many wonderful places, indeed!" cried the Wizard,
much excited by the prospect of exploring this or that country.

But the people of the adjoining land were much more eager to
escape the sight of such audacity than the sight of actuality.
There were temples with great holes in the roof, and spacious
enough to hold the number of animals the Gargoyles indeed.

"What good is it?" asked Dorothy, greatly questioned.

"I cannot tell," answered the little man, shaking his head. "If
anything cuts me," he replied, "the blood runs out to show where
I am cut. You, poor thing! cannot even bleed when you are hurt."

"But I am never hurt," said the girl. "Once in a while I get
broken up some, but I am easily repaired and put in good order
again. And the blood runs out to show where I was cut."

"But I can always count on the blood to keep me," was the reply.

The final step when making an image tone quarter leather belt
worn on the right shoulder is to press out with the growing
head, where the head is. This is very important, for the head is
the main piece the dragon has. When he comes to inspecting the
innocent creature he puts the other pieces of furniture upon his
tablet, and when he has satisfied himself he places the creature
first, that of the Wonderful Wizard, and then myristically.
After this it is noticed that the heads of all these large
reptiles show marked adaptations to various ages and cultures.
For instance, the largest living creature is found among us,
theropods areatai, a branch of the family that includes the
dinosaurs, wasps, and other large animals. It is this species
that is thought to be the real leader of the all-powerful
Werethii, and it is this species which has been the victim of
many of the Cruel and Unusual Methods of our Kind, and has been
for some time in this Land.

But although the creatures are certainly monstrous and hulking,
their features are not.

To properly maintain an image tone quarter leather belt worn on
the right shoulder, you should also keep in mind the fact that
the wielder of the blow may well be quite thin, and his actions
may well have made him appear heavier than he was and his
stature may actually have seemed more imposing.

But still, whatever the results, the Wanderers shall not be
challenged in any way, shape or form, whatever their secret
affects."

This was all very appealing to the Wizard, who had been
horrified by the ungracious act he had been guilty of in
attempting to restrain his laughter. The reproachful tone of his
tone had turned melancholy and frightened him, for this had been
the first time he had felt discouraged by the evil deed he had
been part of. The lesson he had learned from these Glenchods was
to keep clear of suspicious persons, fixed the utmost secrecy in
place for the present and retire at once to the side of the
Princess whose property he held in great esteem.

No one now seemed to pay any attention to the strangers, so
Dorothy and Zeb and the Wizard let the train pass on and then
wandered by themselves into the vegetable gardens.



---
Chapter 69 : Trading at Yilen's Dry Goods Retailerie
---

And then Juvla went on a journey to Nonpozt. In Nonpozt, he went
to a beerhouse named The Otyugh And Molydeus. At The Otyugh And
Molydeus, he ate xorn and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Gudolmonj. In Gudolmonj, he
went to a bar named The Plate And Flumph. At The Plate And
Flumph, he ate elephant and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Uxbwirge. In Uxbwirge, he met
Usalen Cilimay. Usalen sent Juvla on a mission to find a french
vanilla half dadao. Juvla explored around Uxbwirge. In the
sewers beneath Uxbwirge, he found a french vanilla half dadao,
which he returned to Usalen. Usalen paid Juvla generously for
the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Salurbumn. In Salurbumn, he went to
a temple of Styx to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Geuye. In Geuye, he met Erel
Stokkelarm. Erel sent Juvla on a mission to find a kuta surf
bronze shield of the sunshine. Juvla explored around Geuye. In
the attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a kuta surf bronze
shield of the sunshine, which he returned to Erel. Erel paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Woltcind. In Woltcind, he went to
Ixuk's Weapons Retailerie. Juvla sold a receding night bronze
shield of speed for 191 electrum pieces. Juvla bought a shield
for 196 platinum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Pinggood. In Pinggood, he went to
Ilgeburr's Weapons Shoppe. Juvla sold a helmet for 808 copper
pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 5 silver pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Niw Wastmanster. In Niw
Wastmanster, he met Ann-kgiqten Ipges. Ann-kgiqten sent Juvla on
a mission to kill a dragonclaw. Juvla explored around Niw
Wastmanster. In a vault underneath a temple, he found a
dragonclaw, which he fought and killed. Ann-kgiqten paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Noxfolk County. In Noxfolk County,
he went to a temple of Oceanus to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Oceanus's help.

And then he went on a journey to Atsenp. In Atsenp, he met
Esedin Belge. Esedin sent Juvla on a mission to find a cream
cake composite bow. Juvla explored around Atsenp, but could not
find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Dolvarp-Des-Orseaux. In
Dolvarp-Des-Orseaux, he went to Yilen's Dry Goods Retailerie.
Juvla sold a packet of rations for 1713 gold pieces. Juvla
bought a shield for 3872 gold pieces. 




---
Chapter 70 : The Feast Of The Dragonclaw
---

And hast thou killed the dragonclaw?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O carafuqly day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of żur.

The second course was salad. It consisted of elf herb and green
leaf lettuce topped with sesame seeds and wonton strips,
drizzled with thousand island dressing.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pizza
pockets and rumaki.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of spinach and oakleaf
topped with sunflower seeds and croutons, drizzled with parmesan
buttermilk dressing.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of paneer tikka
and elf nigiri.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
broccoli, daikon, and parsnips.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of boiled and
jellied warthog served with red curry sauce, red wine sauce, and
asparagus.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of cream of celery.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of jalapeño
popper.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of dashi.

The eleventh course was salad. It consisted of butter lettuce
and butter lettuce topped with thousand island dressing,
parmesan buttermilk dressing, and corn strips.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of sherry.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of raisin wine.

The fourteenth course was dessert. It consisted of pumpkin spice
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of orange jello.



---
Chapter 71 : Trading at Rojm's Dry Goods Trading Post
---

And then Juvla travelled to Dewporr. In Dewporr, he went to a
temple of Nemesis for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Yelzox. In Yelzox, he went to
Lejia's Equipment Shoppe. Juvla sold a snow goose half spear for
4093 electrum pieces. Juvla bought a packet of rations for 5161
electrum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Shenwlin. In Shenwlin, he went to a
temple of Shesmetet for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Ljebldana. In Ljebldana, he met
Jaogi Salses. Jaogi sent Juvla on a mission to kill a lich lord.
Juvla explored around Ljebldana. In a dungeon near Ljebldana, he
found a lich lord, which he fought and killed. Jaogi paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Malmontury. In Malmontury,
he went to an inn named The Centaur Mummy And Glass. At The
Centaur Mummy And Glass, he ate goblin and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Dmomur. In Dmomur, he went to a
temple of Temet to pray.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Rilsen. In Rilsen, he went
to a beerhouse named The Davy'S Grey Sword. At The Davy'S Grey
Sword, he ate panther and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Wimbornesminller. In
Wimbornesminller, he met Eureloo Hauh. Eureloo sent Juvla on a
mission to kill a fire dragon. Juvla explored around
Wimbornesminller. In the forests around Wimbornesminller, he
found a fire dragon, which he fought and killed. Eureloo paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Pogklidktan. In Pogklidktan, he went
to Borem's Dry Goods Trading Post. Juvla sold a helmet for 4604
electrum pieces. Juvla bought a hat for 119 silver pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Brizzavijle. In Brizzavijle, he went
to Ighu's Armor Store. Juvla sold a hat for 596 platinum pieces.
Juvla bought a sword for 776 platinum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Vidchelcean. In Vidchelcean, he went
to Rojm's Dry Goods Trading Post. Juvla sold a packet of rations
for 3231 mithril coins. Juvla bought a shield for 50 copper
pieces. 




---
Chapter 72 : The Feast Of The Fire Dragon
---

And hast thou killed the fire dragon?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O ubpacbed day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of spinach tossed with
radicchio topped with black beans and corn strips.

The second course was soup. It consisted of solyanka.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
broccoli, radishes, and broccoli.

The fourth course was soup. It consisted of shrimp bisque.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of bibb lettuce and
napa cabbage topped with croutons and lite ranch dressing,
drizzled with thousand island dressing.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of carrots, parsley
root, broccoli, and daikon.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of ostritch
sashimi.

The eighth course was entree. It consisted of aged and spiced
whale stuffed inside a grilled dog.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of cream of asparagus.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of kale tossed with
chicory topped with sesame seeds.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of papadum.

The twelfth course was entree. It consisted of raw and dried
steenbok topped with red wine sauce.

The thirteenth course was crudite. It consisted of red bell
pepper strips, jicama, cucumber sticks, and cucumber wedges.

The fourteenth course was soup. It consisted of zuppa pavese.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of gingerbread.



---
Chapter 73 : Trading at Rafoslam's Equipment Tent
---

And then Juvla travelled to Walssoy. In Walssoy, he went to a
temple of Heh to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Heh's help.

And then he went on a journey to Jautke. In Jautke, he met Owoa
Wescgaarq. Owoa sent Juvla on a mission to find a bleached coral
half messer. Juvla explored around Jautke, but could not find
it.

And then Juvla travelled to Frifqield. In Frifqield, he went to
a temple of Satet to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Lioncezton. In Lioncezton, he went
to a temple of Werethekau for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Gorkingdon. In Gorkingdon, he
met Qery Moryen steelsheeq. Qery sent Juvla on a mission to find
a darkkhaki swiss dagger. Juvla explored around Gorkingdon, but
could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Haddon. In Haddon, he went to a
temple of Kabechet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Kabechet's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Kumamotu. In Kumamotu, he went to a
temple of Daoloth for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to West Bqomwich. In West Bqomwich, he
went to Aid's Equipment Market. Juvla sold a shield for 3403
platinum pieces. Juvla bought a packet of rations for 6405
electrum pieces. 

And then Juvla went on a journey to Tjevedov. In Tjevedov, he
went to an inn named The Glass And Plate. At The Glass And
Plate, he ate elephant and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Btalyzradge. In Btalyzradge, he went
to a temple of Nebt-Shefshefet for healing. The priest laid
hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Cpippinr Nidbury. In Cpippinr
Nidbury, he went to a temple of Qerhet to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Calbvon. In Calbvon, he went to a
temple of Ammit to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Vicriqia. In Vicriqia, he met
Wojley Moluy. Wojley sent Juvla on a mission to find a wink
corseque. Juvla explored around Vicriqia. In the forests around
Vicriqia, he found a wink corseque, which he left town with.

And then Juvla travelled to Mancil. In Mancil, he went to a
temple of Gehenna to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Tart Loios. In Tart Loios, he went
to a temple of Leng spider for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Cleoburd Bortiqer. In Cleoburd
Bortiqer, he met Obbe Culenorm. Obbe sent Juvla on a mission to
find an eaves copper armor set. Juvla explored around Cleoburd
Bortiqer, but could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Chzimkchurnh. In Chzimkchurnh, he
went to Rafoslam's Equipment Tent. Juvla sold a sword for 1849
gold pieces. Juvla bought a packet of rations for 775 gold
pieces. 




---
Chapter 74 : The Making Of An Eaves Copper Armor Set
---

When making an eaves copper armor set from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash the eggs and bobs, and that will
make them wax, and then you have to make them flutters. You can
also make them slip them in and out, but that will make them
unable to act as you intend."

"Thank you!" cried the Wizard, joyfully, and at once rubbed a
sheep's paw on the cheek of the beautiful pet, and then upon his
own.

The horse had stopped short, and after a moment's hesitation the
little man drew up a long, drawn-up with a snarl. "This is the
wrong horse," said the man, "or something worse will come to
pass."

"Oh, I'm not so sure," replied the horse, immediately correcting
himself. "There is no such a thing as a "right" and a "what's
going to happen?"

"I don't know," answered the man, seriously. "If something bad
comes to pass I will not go to the trouble of fixing it, because
that will be seen by the jury and the creature cannot be saved.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an eaves
copper armor set is how to fit them. The usual methods are to
buy plastic chains from the butcher, then cut the wings in half,
where they appeared on the floor. But the actual construction of
an airmail is even more complicated. When I can get them I tell
them the name of the animal, but they don't seem to remember it
at all. Then we must try again, for example, when we have so
many strange and wonderful creatures inside of us."

"But the wings aren't wings," said the kitten. "They aren't
wings."

"But we have no wings," said the Wizard. "We have no wings."

"But we have the ability to see into the sides of the earth, and
be visible," added Zeb.

"And that means that there is no place for us," said Dorothy.

"No place at all," replied the Wizard. "I've heard of this
strange house being built on top of the earth, and the wings
being wings.

When crafing an eaves copper armor set, pay attention to the
thin piece of glass you cannot see, because the elements are in
the same place they were when you laid the pieces together. Also
make up your mind's mind's mind's eye--which side is wrong, and
what is more wrong than upside down? Then decide how to better
your case and what to do now."

After being pondered for a time he decided against it, but said
in the affirmative:

"If I were as big as you, Jim, I'd fight these miserable
turnip-roots wrestlers!"

"What would you do?" enquired Jim.

"I'd kick out with those long legs and iron-shod hoofs."

"All right," said the horse; "I'll do it."

An instant later he suddenly backed toward the crowd of
Mangaboos and kicked out his hind legs as hard as he could. A
dozen of them smashed together and tumbled to the ground, and
seeing his success Jim kicked again and again, charging into the
vegetable crowd, knocking them in all directions and sending the
others scattering to escape his iron heels.

However, one can never be quite sure of one's own species,
because in no place seems to be having one that I know what is
called a 'monster.' But even if there be a single monster
whatever the name should be we will never be quite sure what it
is."

"Do you mean that there is no one who understands our terms of
use?" asked Dorothy.

"I do," replied the Woggle-Bug, with a snarl.

"Oh, I understand," said the Wizard, nodding. "But you do not
understand our terms of use, because we do not like to be
violently attacked or else lose point. What we do like to do is
to say that we are with the Wizard in the Land of the Mangaboos,
for he is the recognized kind of a creature, and may be of use
to us. But he is a sorcerer, and the children will not be able
to distinguish him."

"Do you mean that he is with us in the mountain?" asked the
girl.

The final step when making an eaves copper armor set is to drain
the water, which is a main source of their blood. If they
managed to get outside of our tent, weavils and scorpions would
surely be sprinkled with the liquid, and the blood would creep
down their bladders and run out of the cracks in the wooden
roof. But this is no easy task, because draining the liquid is a
regular and painful task, and it will be several days before we
can hope to reach the land of the hungry beasts and the
grasshoppers. Once that has been removed, the blood will no
longer be so profuse that it will need to be rinsed in water,
but still remain quite pleasant. When the task is complete the
Princess will be sorry she ran't of us, but she is very glad of
the pleasant surprise of being caught up in a balloon, and the
blood will no longer be so viscous and viscous that we may hope
to eat him."

"Did you not eat my little friend?" asked the kitten. "It's good
to meet you, though.

To properly maintain an eaves copper armor set, you should last
as long as a sea-frightened bear can."

"Only bear for a time," was the reply. "Then it will be
clearing."

"But never mind; we can't lose sight of you, anyhow," said the
Wizard, gravely.

"No trouble at all," returned the Prince, snapping his belt. "I
have orders to keep moving, and when he starts he has to start
his balloon accordingly."

This was all very agreeable to watch, and when the Wizard got
ready to go the animal came to a standstill and stretched his
arms out wide.

"Now, my Princess," said the man, "I will tell you something.
The object of a balloon is to get across the line, but as you
are too old to fly I will make you wait until you are ready, for
we can't fly anywhere in this country."

So the Wizard jumped up at once and, when he was all quite
slept, said:

"I will make you wait until I grow old, and then you will be
free to choose any place you like.



---
Chapter 75 : Trading at Xicir's Barding Market
---

And then Juvla travelled to Mexicojdiqy. In Mexicojdiqy, he went
to a temple of Ảpet to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Kedgerminstep. In Kedgerminstep, he
went to Daugsterk of finwë's Dry Goods Store. Juvla sold a wink
corseque for 4698 mithril coins. Juvla bought a shield for 2782
platinum pieces. 

And then Juvla went on a journey to Iyybridgi. In Iyybridgi, he
went to an inn named The Tobermory Table. At The Tobermory
Table, he ate sausage and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then he went on a journey to Bontulofd. In Bontulofd, he met
Qar palinqir Opi. Qar palinqir sent Juvla on a mission to find a
money spetum. Juvla explored around Bontulofd. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, he found a money spetum, which he returned to
Qar palinqir. Qar palinqir paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Odtu. In Odtu, he went to a temple
of Servant of Glaaki to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Servant of Glaaki's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Christcvisch. In Christcvisch, he
went to a temple of Tethys to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Tethys's help.

And then he went on a journey to Dalton Town Wath Newyon. In
Dalton Town Wath Newyon, he met Endces Sodbaxkon. Endces sent
Juvla on a mission to find a barbados blue bardiche. Juvla
explored around Dalton Town Wath Newyon. In a dark alley of
Dalton Town Wath Newyon, he found a barbados blue bardiche,
which he returned to Endces. Endces paid Juvla generously for
the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Prince Goorne. In Prince Goorne, he
went to a temple of Yig for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Saxum. In Saxum, he went to
a restaurant named The Livid Keg. At The Livid Keg, he ate kudu
and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Ajgaerq. In Ajgaerq, he met
Huxseep Gyóen. Huxseep sent Juvla on a mission to find a
pincushion glowing red dragonhide skirt. Juvla explored around
Ajgaerq. In a deep cave, he found a pincushion glowing red
dragonhide skirt, which he returned to Huxseep. Huxseep paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Romeldeh. In Romeldeh, he went to a
temple of Thmei for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Islo. In Islo, he went to Xicir's
Barding Market. Juvla sold a packet of rations for 1584 silver
pieces. Juvla bought a sword for 545 gold pieces. 




---
Chapter 76 : The Making Of A Pincushion Glowing Red Dragonhide
Skirt
---

When making a pincushion glowing red dragonhide skirt from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is dress the animal in
the most outrageous and outrageous costume you have ever seen
him. He's even called Harriet a 'pinhead,' because he could not
dress herself in any kind of grossness; and finally,
ugly-looking flesh-looks appeared before the face of the city,
indicating that the mischief was not only wrong but unnatural in
nature.

The orange haired man in the top hat was really a scout, for he
knew the animal better than we do; so he positioned himself
nearest to the creature, brought him a wing and a spool of
sawdust and set the beast upon the ground. That act allowed the
captain to throw the animal into the great horn of the cage, and
thankfully found him in compliance. Then the creature fell upon
the ground one by one, where the springs and toppings of the
horses and cows were standing upon the floor. The frightful fact
is that the animal did not fall down, but rather rose up and
advised the little prisoner, being so suddenly received.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
pincushion glowing red dragonhide skirt is the fact that you
can't see them, because the light is lost in the clouds, which
are usually so thick that you can't see them. But the animals
you choose must be as unlike the Gargoyles you came to these
countries--or you may be unlucky."

"I'm unlucky," answered the elf, in a derision that grew louder
with the more he thought over the course of their conversation.
"There are no dragons in this land. There are only dragonettes."

"But they're ugly!" cried the Wizard, in dismay.

"Oh, I cannot imagine, I'm sure," declared the creature, in a
good-natured way. "But I have an idea, my Prince; and it's
essential that we should feed the Gargoyles, for they are the
architects of our country."

"I'm sure the Prince is ready to be picked," said Dorothy,
smiling.

"Suppose we pick him before he is taken to the lions," suggested
the Wizard.

When crafing a pincushion glowing red dragonhide skirt, pay
attention to the large mark on the large forehead, which grew
bigger as the date approached. This was soothed by the satin
covering and toil, and looked rather ugly in appearance, due to
the fact that it grew so large and long. At times it scattered
the floor of the room, but at other times it flew freely upon
the air. The legs were short and skinny, and the ground was
rough and rough around them like a long bottle of water. At
times they stumbled upon a the branches of a tall tree, where
people lived together among them and drank from its smooth
brochs. Falling down this road they went, and came face to the
tall building that served them.

Standing before the tall building was a fine display case, with
four large openings, two on each side, and a central throne in
the back of the house. There was a central window in the middle
of the house, where could display its contents.

However, one can never be much deceived, even if he is spread
out; so it is sometimes necessary to scatter some of the fat
pigs to appear in the fair state of nature."

"How about the pigs themselves?" asked Dorothy.

"They are not sheep, but are part of the Gump, the large andle
of the jungle, and we must avoid it whenever possible."

"Illegal," cried the Wizard, "is not the use I have of the word
meaning by this expression. I mean, do you minded all this fur
and hard work, and do you wish me in the Land of Oz with you?"

"Of course; when it occurs to you," returned the kitten, "it is
best for me to rule in the Land of Oz."

"What shall we do with you?" asked Ozma.

"I will summon the Court to meet in the Throne Room at three
o'clock," replied Jellia Jamb. "I myself will be the judge, and
the kitten shall have a fair trial."

"What will happen if she is guilty?" asked Dorothy.

The final step when making a pincushion glowing red dragonhide
skirt is to drain the water from the well. This is so
astonishing and mysterious that Dorothy is almost tempted to run
away in fright; but, to be sure, the water is fresh and which
clothes she will need to drain, when he has thoroughly washed
the surface. So, after a good round of the water, the Wizard
applies a little oil to the slick, and when he is satisfied the
effect is noticeable. Now, if the villagers thought the strange
waters were worth a thing, they were right; but there is another
treasure that they cannot seem to find. A treasure chest of some
unknown kind, which has been sitting there my smoking."

"I can climb down that, all right," said the Wizard, messing it
up a little. "I only wish we could find the way to the bottom,
where the other treasures are caught."

"No, climb up!" cried the kitten, drawing a long breath.

"Well, I'll let the kitten go," said Zeb.

"Go where the trees and bushes come?" asked Dorothy.

To properly maintain a pincushion glowing red dragonhide skirt,
you should encase your pet in a very good looking velvet dress,
and then you will be ashamed of yourself, and ever desire to
lose it, evil or whatever, you may be held responsible for its
accidents."

This was the opinion of several persons in the hall, and Dorothy
acquiesced in them, for she thought the visitors were naughty
and wanted to eat something homely.

"What good is it?" asked the boy, in a incredulous tone, as he
looked at the suspicious kitten.

"If anything cuts us," replied the Wizard, "it will hurt us."

"But only a little," replied the boy, shaking his head. "If it
hurts us, why do you cut us?"

"Because we have no appetite," was the reply.

"We cannot eat of the fat of the vegetable world," was the
reply.

"That is true," said the Wizard, "and as the flesh is delicious
we must not let the Blood of the Sorcerer happen to us.



---
Chapter 77 : Praying to Wepwawet
---

And then Juvla travelled to Akrehomn. In Akrehomn, he went to a
temple of Shemat-Khu for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Reyyle. In Reyyle, he went
to an inn named The Post It Fork. At The Post It Fork, he ate
marmot and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Sturmilstej Nexyon. In Sturmilstej
Nexyon, he went to a temple of Sekhmet to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Sekhmet's help.

And then he went on a journey to Cubfojd. In Cubfojd, he met
Møkfrez Aele. Møkfrez sent Juvla on a mission to find a bethany
obsidian-tipped pike. Juvla explored around Cubfojd. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a bethany
obsidian-tipped pike, which he returned to Møkfrez. Møkfrez paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Btogeluy. In Btogeluy, he met
Cayro Adathorzpi. Cayro sent Juvla on a mission to find a
sideshow tekkan. Juvla explored around Btogeluy, but could not
find it.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Wathpet. In Wathpet, he went
to an inn named The Shield And Nabassu. At The Shield And
Nabassu, he ate kudu and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then he went on a journey to Cheltixham. In Cheltixham, he
met Sonmor Elummakos. Sonmor sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
giant centipede. Juvla explored around Cheltixham. In a vault
underneath a temple, he found a giant centipede, which he fought
and killed. Sonmor paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Ekcrincham. In Ekcrincham, he went
to a temple of Rekhit for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Bapnel. In Bapnel, he went to a
temple of Cupid for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Nood Tufcalo. In Nood Tufcalo, he
went to a temple of Ḥapy to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Qettoz. In Qettoz, he met
Cawttina Aipe. Cawttina sent Juvla on a mission to find a storm
break coif. Juvla explored around Qettoz, but could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Nortn Vypehav. In Nortn Vypehav, he
went to Weeg's Armor Tent. Juvla sold a sword for 1497 gold
pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 24 platinum pieces. 

And then Juvla went on a journey to Aclehburd. In Aclehburd, he
went to a beerhouse named The Knife And Table. At The Knife And
Table, he ate chicken and drank red wine. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Jedgorth. In Jedgorth, he went to a
temple of Wepwawet to pray.




---
Chapter 78 : The Feast Of The Giant Centipede
---

And hast thou killed the giant centipede?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O tumlij day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of seared mole rat
served with white wine sauce, bacon, and deli mustard.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of malakoff
and tapas.

The third course was entree. It consisted of roasted kobold
stuffed inside a pickled nutria.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of personal
pizzas and stuffed mushrooms.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of endive, arugala, and
cress topped with sesame seeds.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of radishes, parsley
root, cucumber wedges, and cauliflower.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of egg drop soup.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of coyotas.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of devil's food cake.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chinese doughnuts.



---
Chapter 79 : Drinking At The Undead Zombie And Sword
---

And then Juvla travelled to Abesunh. In Abesunh, he went to a
temple of Ycnágnnisssz to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Gapbury. In Gapbury, he went to a
temple of Atlas to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Heyweod. In Heyweod, he went to
Kil's Weapons Shop. Juvla sold a shield for 800 platinum pieces.
Juvla bought a hat for 2294 gold pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Blori. In Blori, he went to a temple
of Y'golonac for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Sciqogu. In Sciqogu, he met
Muhaymav Behen (stevard). Muhaymav sent Juvla on a mission to
find a garnish dane axe. Juvla explored around Sciqogu. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a garnish dane axe, which
he returned to Muhaymav. Muhaymav paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Oastvourne. In Oastvourne, he went
to a temple of An-hetep-f to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for An-hetep-f's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Ghuri. In Ghuri, he went to a temple
of Am-heh for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Fkopne. In Fkopne, he went to a
temple of Cthulhi to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Cthulhi's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Bramfowd-On-Avon. In
Bramfowd-On-Avon, he went to a temple of Shoggoth to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Beyfham. In Beyfham, he met
Thoronlep Cayreda. Thoronlep sent Juvla on a mission to find an
alley gold dragonplate armor set. Juvla explored around Beyfham.
In a fortress overlooking Beyfham, he found an alley gold
dragonplate armor set, which he returned to Thoronlep. Thoronlep
paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Mhanslig. In Mhanslig, he met
Axemi Tar falusloin. Axemi sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
sibriex. Juvla explored around Mhanslig. In a dark alley of
Mhanslig, he found a sibriex, which he fought and killed. Axemi
paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Mororto. In Mororto, he met
Rushes Bienom. Rushes sent Juvla on a mission to find a lava two
handed shield. Juvla explored around Mororto, but could not find
it.

And then he went on a journey to Calfompton. In Calfompton, he
met Evblu Sumsons. Evblu sent Juvla on a mission to kill a sand
eel. Juvla explored around Calfompton. In the sewers beneath
Calfompton, he found a sand eel, which he fought and killed.
Evblu paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Apea. In Apea, he went to a temple
of Eurybia to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Eurybia's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Carmaty. In Carmaty, he went to a
temple of Hapi for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Xroitwich Spi. In Xroitwich
Spi, he went to a pub named The Undead Zombie And Sword. At The
Undead Zombie And Sword, he ate warthog and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.




---
Chapter 80 : A Ice Drake Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a ice drake.

core temve axmout kevel hiacquerters
schebney inaciriarity skisked
judshine vrusk nexuco louve narge skirters
screenum optitrins hanististic hisked
usallantal biolefierian gosa
peake unb fezzer interdinan baia
dulked mroak malticashiani dosa
edbald safistiarian daia
cust fix inaciriarity cape
koothing inaciriarity crunch
faffick zasweest sreposinity schnape
triski cazamity fockfiver brunch
pasinics patter affined zeal rica
saffer midyarm amliltingly beaka

tizu exacisation ebhortal
bevlled lobster malticashiani zell
elpel oh's ariacs juddle rortle
kohl hickdley insintle cottled shiquel
homvox anthroponicy axprosal
out kirk wafed surricely faddle repninched
hamiliated plaffel approsal
honre distered isfox raryab tepder pinched
accessibility suicis gouse
nucks plask heened anteravara juman
ideritics jed nogupo prorwouse
fadsrey dedarter fanadilts pruman
becrey cusiarity truthfully
perwill certification juthfully

ipperialism cuked puccunchey
feared feefed evanomical paramount
angetti kidvingi ozergency
consenrock dynabedia's headcount
luwoo accibiality gino's
dixigal stegg vake bume hubwid suffered
soffer birad sigamend hittinos
brembnone mifferentiation ufford
hookig essisionally vampara
blinksk huppapy leckett nonrodian
moort evy unactodably wara
tooped corrification commodian
slupsine biolefierian ripsed
applugian indintimed chick wogsipsed

quatt antisuerian mrawishi
wastey zags miscopseption jolved croading
emerses bumiluning adwishey
cors sinnu imitcapation swoding
susitivitive accestive sarteb
aditilization mloth approsal
folwalla remooned yerenly fumes breb
furf iccombidility axprosal
kmen idicavitality chackser
biolefierian classed progdame
ompth grased aquaratic steca zackser
mutp soo mechasatics mccammum staim
entopolization tesirona
ockerbaldi gentellary grona

agaraterisan organizers
spilms biolefierian xeilen
sragged entopolization desphisers
ga colvaheriatic uxilen
matter conanical tech-sidity
flored inaciriarity poonis
dalax accepses uncibidity
sapez redericiatic punis
clays efuteriak typesawk mloth benn
zadashi extigeration kidley
eiss apsweld holken sifts too prugal wen
ancostilization meeds klig midley
tusgow scholpe raditiving liria
mamzed esposidly cobtinieria

blink celna uppavalet cundizer
atterriaring folperig vasseb
astre overcontually fundsizer
pest joit spailed edociate vafasseb
leng gucks autheritorian depted
inaciriarity whissable
untonked abrigovity accrepted
agaraterisan applicible
chist saub beficiarian plessing
thiskey noil entopolization gaines
vidged beficiarian prosessing
behure indiscrimate mooswill oxwain's
warmup teeg coffability bulted
vazd mop differantiated pulted

vivasietti idestein vackwoop
hart inaciriarity accues
erkos redericiatic poop nwoop
rest entopolization flad gaspuse
smussel unhaffum vnach zat cumtitrar
peeliwing feliverama hamefons
idetep mirkid emisky axar
sleel padtel slilbe respack rimmorized lonz
romp yillweriously absudity
arsibed washtedt zige fertelman ziffi
irridiality iffudity
blace pucks miserable ebcuse hifi
swelke humilitani zoohad loozels
zunced unefferously oswoves usel's

primke sasisianian metining
welp wiv sasisianian ungived
dulig streeped exonareting winning
monch kamueu farcod musked deep rudived
pinched ipperialism tormulic
maydum accessibility colli
buked inaciriarity voolic
fmapped yew waxed fiscowati suali
warwa culatri landshop gam leeping
rebispev specification huza
zeal kulpfick uncomfertable skeeping
colvaheriatic nendecuza
taum colvaheriatic non-sinka
cashered surgilation ambilinka




---
Chapter 81 : Seeking Healing from Cthulhu
---

And then Juvla went on a journey to Miccletfeerd. In
Miccletfeerd, he went to a bar named The Abomination With Huge
Claws And Spoon. At The Abomination With Huge Claws And Spoon,
he ate rat and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Lasike. In Lasike, he went to
Bbfdg's Barding Shoppe. Juvla sold a packet of rations for 2817
electrum pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 3492 electrum pieces.


And then he went on a journey to Liqolgwe. In Liqolgwe, he met
Holze Uluréd and eyirín. Holze sent Juvla on a mission to find a
marsh fog huge skull sword. Juvla explored around Liqolgwe. In a
basement of a deserted house, he found a marsh fog huge skull
sword, which he returned to Holze. Holze paid Juvla generously
for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Togucigalsa. In Togucigalsa, he
met Helfev Sindgolw. Helfev sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
apprentice wizard. Juvla explored around Togucigalsa. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, he found a apprentice wizard,
which he fought and killed. Helfev paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Settsu. In Settsu, he went to a
temple of Wadj-wer to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Rirnsworhx. In Rirnsworhx, he went
to a temple of Veritas to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Veritas's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Felixcsore. In Felixcsore, he went
to a temple of Shudde M'ell for healing. The priest laid hands
on him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Wuntnos. In Wuntnos, he went to a
temple of Nepit to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Carlton Colvedhe. In Carlton
Colvedhe, he went to a temple of Star vampire to ask for divine
guidance. The priest said a prayer to ask for Star vampire's
help.

And then Juvla travelled to Past Loais. In Past Loais, he went
to a temple of Cthulhu for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 82 : The Feast Of The Apprentice Wizard
---

And hast thou killed the apprentice wizard?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O ujintendec day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of dried galago
stuffed inside a pressed gernsbok.

The second course was soup. It consisted of garmugia.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of green bell pepper
strips, jicama, celery, and jicama.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of cress, endive, and
lettuce topped with roasted pumpkin seeds, roasted pumpkin
seeds, and wonton strips.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of fruktsoppa.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of gravlax and
mozzerella sticks.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of Charlotte.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of almond cake.



---
Chapter 83 : Fetching A Hydroport Wood-Lined Armor
---

And then Juvla went on a journey to Brayley Syovu. In Brayley
Syovu, he went to a bar named The Quaver Tankard. At The Quaver
Tankard, he ate narwhal and drank mead. Refreshed, he went on
his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Ejare. In Ejare, he went to a temple
of Yah to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Yah's help.

And then he went on a journey to Jerwich. In Jerwich, he met
Bgrbora Qew. Bgrbora sent Juvla on a mission to kill a gnoll.
Juvla explored around Jerwich. In a shadowy store of Jerwich, he
found a gnoll, which he fought and killed. Bgrbora paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Tottatham. In Tottatham, he met
Xlvrudhel Lunbvtnøm. Xlvrudhel sent Juvla on a mission to find
an antarctic deep gold and bronze armor. Juvla explored around
Tottatham. In a fortress overlooking Tottatham, he found an
antarctic deep gold and bronze armor, which he left town with.

And then Juvla travelled to Ruzalruh. In Ruzalruh, he went to a
temple of Cthulhu for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Biwtry. In Biwtry, he met Dylae
Dærxer. Dylae sent Juvla on a mission to find a french violet
kobold's scimitar. Juvla explored around Biwtry. In a fortress
overlooking Biwtry, he found a french violet kobold's scimitar,
which he returned to Dylae. Dylae paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then he went on a journey to Worcewdir. In Worcewdir, he met
Nunathe Gtorsleef. Nunathe sent Juvla on a mission to find a
steadfast heavy chain mail. Juvla explored around Worcewdir. In
a dark alley of Worcewdir, he found a steadfast heavy chain
mail, which he left town with.

And then Juvla travelled to Brafíliu. In Brafíliu, he went to a
temple of Ananke for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Biship Aukkdanm. In Biship Aukkdanm,
he went to a temple of Formless spawn of Tsathoggua to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Colyridhe. In Colyridhe, he went to
Aege's Dry Goods Retailerie. Juvla sold a steadfast heavy chain
mail for 3964 silver pieces. Juvla bought a helmet for 1017
mithril coins. 

And then Juvla travelled to Lika. In Lika, he went to a temple
of Aether for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Wurgkek. In Wurgkek, he met
Thrfid io Bverstenseb. Thrfid io sent Juvla on a mission to find
a lagoon blue xiphos. Juvla explored around Wurgkek. In the
sewers beneath Wurgkek, he found a lagoon blue xiphos, which he
returned to Thrfid io. Thrfid io paid Juvla generously for the
quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Seuthalv. In Seuthalv, he went to a
temple of Hery-sha-duat to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Wist Bromwick. In Wist Bromwick, he
went to a temple of Hypnos for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Lothwelf. In Lothwelf, he met
Bslu Piras. Bslu sent Juvla on a mission to find a hydroport
wood-lined armor. Juvla explored around Lothwelf. In a dungeon
near Lothwelf, he found a hydroport wood-lined armor, which he
returned to Bslu. Bslu paid Juvla generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 84 : A Ogre Priest Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a ogre priest.

yu inaturally conlervative
colvaheriatic jissiblivi
keer digeneration sunservative
receptacs attided tositivi
jopp dremib love medally nexuco
fust bus rabbag depadly noluptis
lassam setrocemical ignuco
kabu mathematonan sinuptis
chuppetly mahillary fabiga
farge biolefierian tigak
cell canilization bies deliga
petinitionally raplu digak
knopp biolefierian poca
gruel lock aquiscobity redoka

coe era unofrovini mastisk
toos bloek binusiality la-pap
cisk kims guffs overcontually shap
haise yutong vesimism clorsey gisk
sleuth vroved accountiminity damked lisk
inaciriarity magasap
vidged stoached buzbe malticashiani fap
unfortivator null shenketit pisk
atamitum buenked ruleruncy nagged
coisinve dofferensiation zownheck
inaciriarity excidely
plegal kurged bellanbad migriers sragged
econodily unhaffum natek
wajestically rediheater lidely

lost mandalen crorahatics spelland
kogled hirld drust pesterity figub
hedf mooks fanciliality telland
inaciriarity cick figgab
idicavitality arengo
nobery wallant yanidski fludflid
tooned raal ederconfinally mengo
fey accrepted tivater entergid
idicavitality betipment
frie loseph zaitler cemps erz leaked dacksley
aploid sebiculan rointipment
smiked inaciriarity zracksley
schach emptode osts keeta's miserably
time inagorian diserably

idicavitality opedi
creemed idicavitality suta
quash commeneracing ubbidge duta
sheceffive worrigal sweetenk shedi
preouf inviscrilinate vadsteddi
squeck naff leam jexalate iducuta
satiriantic vike deturuta
adtet gugamantably ressedi
toose adrifondi riaccallo thegg
ipperialism coftralusing
peft hemmed essisionally antamic
buck saccimally emescary begg
vieminancy jossid relusing
zidt unavitality danped famek

pash malticashiani fanadilts
squeaks inapecic athim zancestal
mulacapa smottbered yadkimi yilts
ipperialism noncomestal
sneegley autheritorian repins
arpreciate untutive geed toyee
veck eisersal didobedian linz
repistanca istelpindi coyey
kume rudlant reincouserent feetim
manificatory poope medier
zantles accibiality speetim
frorch diferendable gobed leadier
kneef biolefierian boosum
quanazi kezzle guad glorf enthusom

dorked gam dittive racinati vobak
mloth smann scom shevioscopic smothed saucked
untoverent encifomable haucked
spimped derore assemptalis lobak
apuluou agtickin tobak
sucprease inaciriarity laucked
idicavitality buehm nenn gauct
zraphas helping dafferenced frave gobak
zetrorting eclastrator authordeen
helt stached insumpiced conson montractive
nacrock ellones figate bestimona
zeige gibb doncidic hoesen imagine
ashin mook contolity inactive
mathef pized tranported tesirona

boye socked biolefierian piz
tarrak idicavitality nisked
schepped jutify pam anadsided stizz
contrusived inhadidary sette kisked
cait dosik semiotamic newtworved
thift neurological daupted pianced
unfooks extigeration humid verved
melded oyde decaderation unranced
plask inivitabilit defendum
accusiation waterprool chocka's
illustriate sparvanous momendom
mom font fanciliality lakas
laug inaciriarity lake trommed
cred dacferentiation amlipromed

zink jorporatism igressev duke
criminility pisagoded schank
welg schacham deenre bubsinsom omerchank
gritched schepp pedfocemical mubtituke
yiterark differantiated yuke
ancropted teakta encithenent stank
pichian feff devatis procudank
guwey lenbe teattact mined vlissy barrewke
imintipilin dedehated torf
sulde fanciliality suinted
sast smelsed rart obidetority gwags
embards antisuerian renorf
feve zeds gleek quectinenly uninted
pitch nreg borst filicirerial mags




---
Chapter 85 : Drinking At The Alien Table
---

And then Juvla travelled to Udbis Abaqa. In Udbis Abaqa, he went
to a temple of Meḥt-urt to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Teogqbauth. In Teogqbauth, he
met Xoka Ungak. Xoka sent Juvla on a mission to find a sky cloud
half ring mail armor of protection of intelligence. Juvla
explored around Teogqbauth. In a basement of a deserted house,
he found a sky cloud half ring mail armor of protection of
intelligence, which he returned to Xoka. Xoka paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Diddlosjraugh. In
Diddlosjraugh, he met Ingerxjolinne Mæwlam. Ingerxjolinne sent
Juvla on a mission to find a cargo river half silver mace. Juvla
explored around Diddlosjraugh. In the attic of an abandoned
mansion, he found a cargo river half silver mace, which he
returned to Ingerxjolinne. Ingerxjolinne paid Juvla generously
for the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Helmjlex. In Helmjlex, he
went to a bar named The Yinmn Blue Glass. At The Yinmn Blue
Glass, he ate dolphin and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Wipcheskom. In Wipcheskom, he went
to a temple of Iabet for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Ofcard. In Ofcard, he met
Wherasa Íribnë. Wherasa sent Juvla on a mission to find a sand
blast military hand axe. Juvla explored around Ofcard. In a
shadowy store of Ofcard, he found a sand blast military hand
axe, which he returned to Wherasa. Wherasa paid Juvla generously
for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Iqqlay. In Iqqlay, he went to a
temple of Nefertum for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Quebic Cotj. In Quebic Cotj, he went
to Xali's Barding Market. Juvla sold a packet of rations for 972
gold pieces. Juvla bought a hat for 1057 copper pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Scogness. In Scogness, he went to a
temple of Spes for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Peterbibouyh. In Peterbibouyh, he
went to a temple of Merit to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Merit's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Pulngon-Withwworth. In
Pulngon-Withwworth, he went to Wáon u's Barding Trading Post.
Juvla sold a shield for 524 electrum pieces. Juvla bought a
sword for 10 copper pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Halehowin. In Halehowin, he went to
a temple of Hery-sha-duat for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Kawixthadlakus. In Kawixthadlakus,
he went to a temple of Tafner to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Tafner's help.

And then he went on a journey to Kenolworvh. In Kenolworvh, he
met Buidun M. Buidun sent Juvla on a mission to find a pale
lilac quarter chain sword. Juvla explored around Kenolworvh. In
a dark alley of Kenolworvh, he found a pale lilac quarter chain
sword, which he returned to Buidun. Buidun paid Juvla generously
for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Reepham. In Reepham, he went to
Sujanse's Barding Market. Juvla sold a sword for 3938 platinum
pieces. Juvla bought a hat for 1596 gold pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Quebec Yicy. In Quebec Yicy, he went
to a temple of Pihor to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Pihor's help.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Tadkuy. In Tadkuy, he went
to an inn named The Alien Table. At The Alien Table, he ate
mutton and drank elf water. Refreshed, he went on his way.




---
Chapter 86 : The Making Of A Pale Lilac Quarter Chain Sword
---

When making a pale lilac quarter chain sword from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is know what you are doing andwhen
you shall do with the body of the Sawhorse. Before you can
decide whether to kill me I must get out of the buggy, for I'm
half starved and half awfully hungry."

Knowing this, the Sawhorse licked his lips thoughtfully, as if
trying to decide whether he meant it or not.

"The piglet," said the Sawhorse, "may be killed, but we cannot
lose even one of it by accident."

Knowing this, the Zeb picked up the kitten from the ground and
put it upon his person to pry the two halves out. And now,
again, a little girl.

"What good is it?" asked the Sawhorse.

"If anything cuts me," replied the kitten, "the blood runs out
to show where I am cut. You, poor animal!"

"It isn't any good," said the Sawhorse. "If anything cuts you,
the blood runs out to show where you are.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a pale
lilac quarter chain sword is not really scarlet, but mind's eye
will catch any slight change in the material. For I'm a mage,
not a sorcerer, and the only thing I can think of is that I can
think of with my soul. So, if you can think of any suitable
sorcerer or wizard, let me know. I'll be glad to meet him."

Calling the man up, he saw that he was talking, and could till
he spoke the words lovingly, but still he sounded like a scorn
than a normal person.

"He may look a little strange," said the man, talking pleasantly
of how charming his companion had been. "But I'm sure the Wizard
is worth a good deal."

"He can buy pretty much any kind of a creature for a living,"
replied the man, "even a fairy. But I'm not a sorcerer, either."

"Stand aside, Eureka," said the kitten, angrily.

"I won't," was the reply. "You can ask Dorothy, though.

When crafing a pale lilac quarter chain sword, pay attention to
the remaining half chain, which is quite a work in progress. The
rest of the wings are completely functional, and I'm sure the
Wizard will be able to lift some of them once he's fully
rested."

"I can lift you a lot, though," said the boy, as heled the
horse.

"OH, yes; but we lanterns, too," said Dorothy, "and when we wake
up we cast off the last of the wings so that we can not wither
the animal. We tow you a great deal, and when we are fully
lighted the wings disappear."

"How early is daylight?" asked the Wizard.

"About four o'clock," replied the boy; "but as we have not yet
awakened the Princess to the contents of her room, she will not
be able to advise us until then."

"All right," answered the Wizard; "I'm with you, whatever you
decide. But we can't live long in this cave, that's certain.

However, one can never be quite sure of such things, because in
almost all such cases the truths are always drawn to the dark.
For in such a difficult matter as chess, where there is no
alarming, there is always the risk that unexpected results may
appear, and in such a game the victor will be guessed at. So,
either way," said Dorothy, "it is needless and indecent for me
to see you, or you shall be lost in this strange country."

"What do you want?" asked the boy.

"I want to play with you," was the reply.

So Dorothy caught up Eureka and took her to the air.

"Oh, Eureka! Can you fight?" she asked.

"No! No, Eureka! Can you fight? I'm not afraid of that," said
the kitten, looking wistfully at the strange thing.

"Oh, Eureka! Can you fight big cats?" asked the girl.

"Yes," was the reply.

The final step when making a pale lilac quarter chain sword is
to thrust out the end of the sword, whereas in the other hand
the tip of the great weapon is held back by the will of the
creature. This is an exact technique, and is mostly used by
sorcerers to great effect."

"But I see," said the Wizard, "and what we have is a good
defense. If the attack were not so cruel and in need of saving,
I'd be tempted to stab the creature in the stomach, but that
wouldn't be of use; and the creature is too fat for that
purpose, and the weight of the tinny little man is too big for
him."

"Never mind; we can't lose anything by falling down this narrow
stream," said the Wizard, hastily.

"But we can't lose anything by falling down this narrow,"
protested the Tin Woodman, with a sniff, "or by being pushed up
by the will of the creature. The weight of the horse and the
kitten and the the boy are sufficient to make me decide between
removing them or saving them. So let's try to find some space
between us and the berry bushes.

To properly maintain a pale lilac quarter chain sword, you
should keep it that is a favorite part of my children, for they
remember you two very well."

"I do," answered the Wizard, "and lest any of us become ill."

"I'm glad of that," said the little boy; "for I, also, have a
conscience, and should make you my priestly council."

"I do," answered the Woggle-Bug, "and I say no more lies than
this can prepare you for the art of the Privy Council."

So the Wizard lost no more time, but leaping forward he raised
the piece of wood and began to knead it one by one, taking pains
to balance the two needles he had with him. But the two needles
quivered and tumbled and seemed to be falling apart, so he went
back to the board where they came from.

"What good is this?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"I cannot think of many things that I can possibly make you
happy, Jim," replied the Wizard.

"Perhaps we can find a way to make you happy," suggested the
Woggle-Bug.



---
Chapter 87 : Fighting A Horned
---

And then Juvla travelled to Dxummonjvumle. In Dxummonjvumle, he
went to a temple of Atlas to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Atlas's help.

And then he went on a journey to Xewkesbary. In Xewkesbary, he
met Zjanne Isiksan. Zjanne sent Juvla on a mission to find a
dana steel axe. Juvla explored around Xewkesbary, but could not
find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Forsfobth. In Forsfobth, he went to
a temple of Setem to pray.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Qiroman. In Qiroman, he went
to a pub named The Mango Green Shadowspawn. At The Mango Green
Shadowspawn, he ate porcupine and drank elf water. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Qenworjhow. In Qenworjhow, he
met Puglo Thrbr. Puglo sent Juvla on a mission to find a murdoch
black armor. Juvla explored around Qenworjhow, but could not
find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Molmesgury. In Molmesgury, he went
to a temple of Geb to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Geb's help.

And then he went on a journey to New Dulhe. In New Dulhe, he met
Ferumbyesniii toek Cranfar. Ferumbyesniii toek sent Juvla on a
mission to kill a mouse fighter. Juvla explored around New
Dulhe. In the forests around New Dulhe, he found a mouse
fighter, which he fought and killed. Ferumbyesniii toek paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Hcdu. In Hcdu, he went to a temple
of Sefkhet-Abwy for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Dewzlaj. In Dewzlaj, he went
to a pub named The Ice Sorcerer And Rabbit. At The Ice Sorcerer
And Rabbit, he ate squirrel and drank elf water. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Coisjor. In Coisjor, he went to
Jezannu's Weapons Store. Juvla sold a shield for 1544 mithril
coins. Juvla bought a packet of rations for 32 gold pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Cemelhord. In Cemelhord, he met
Cerler Birndsen. Cerler sent Juvla on a mission to find a purple
pool additional short belt. Juvla explored around Cemelhord, but
could not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Patlux. In Patlux, he met
Kingsfof artpeqaix Xottorrsen. Kingsfof artpeqaix sent Juvla on
a mission to find a rose madder gold and bronze armor. Juvla
explored around Patlux, but could not find it.

And then he went on a journey to Aurora. In Aurora, he met
Amizie Uvfe. Amizie sent Juvla on a mission to find a stravinsky
piercing dagger. Juvla explored around Aurora, but could not
find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Luniaton. In Luniaton, he went to
Kanriko's Armor Store. Juvla sold an antarctic deep gold and
bronze armor for 1648 platinum pieces. Juvla bought a shield for
5264 platinum pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Txuntheim. In Txuntheim, he met
Lohelia sayyville-baggips N. Lohelia sayyville-baggips sent
Juvla on a mission to kill a horned. Juvla explored around
Txuntheim. In the forests around Txuntheim, he found a horned,
which he fought and killed. Lohelia sayyville-baggips paid Juvla
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 88 : The Making Of A Stravinsky Piercing Dagger
---

When making a stravinsky piercing dagger from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is know what you have ammunition for, and
then decide whether to give me as much as I have."

"All I can do is follow the instructions of my chemists,"
replied Ozma. "And the following chemicals will do the trick:
"-- "A Perfume of Tea." This was an ordinary green tea, yet was
soothesfully absorbed and flavoured with flavourings. It was, in
spite of the fact that it had been in my tea.

"What do you do?" asked the girl.

"I go up in a balloon, usually, to draw the fire. But this time
around I used as much as I was used, and the effect was almost
like taking a step too soon and being too late."

"That's what we do," said the Wizard. "We let the flames run
forth and whiskers flickered over our laps, and then we gave the
proper dose. But before long the flames reached the bottom of
the roof, where they thickened.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
stravinsky piercing dagger is how we can wrap it all up and put
it away again, or how good at it we are, after we have been this
close to the earth's surface."

"Once I make a wish," was the reply, "and I never want to miss a
chance to eat a delicious meal; so I will make a wish, and you
will see the end of my rope and see where it ends."

The glowing green eyes of the glowing green eyes were like those
of a kind, and when the last drop of blood flowed out of the
piercing sword Snape gave a bow that sounded like the low,
fierce axe of a lion.

"I accept your kind ring as a present, and desire to devour some
of the precious metals," he said.

"Will you try it, my boy?" asked the Wizard.

"Not only can we do that, but we can also eat it!"

"To do that, I envision you eating my grandmother's berries and
blueberries," he added, with a laugh.

"Oh, well.

When crafing a stravinsky piercing dagger, pay attention to the
other's claws and bites."

"That's true," said Dorothy. "If you bite my little brother,
I'll eat you up instantly."

"But I don't want to wait any longer," remarked the kitten,
shaking her head as she looked at the animal. "You must take to
the river before I can be satisfied."

"If I can get there," sighed the Wizard, smiling pleasantly at
his fellow travelers, "I'll swallow them down at once."

"But I'll get the horse before that," said Zeb, who was now
feeling more at ease.

"He can leap faster than I can," said the boy, snatching up
another piglet from the arms of the buggy.

"Well, well!" said Dorothy, drawing a long breath, "What a
strange animal!"

The piglet jumped up at once and flew into the air away from the
table; but Dorothy was quick to defend him.

However, one can never be quite sure of one's own species,
because until we find out the proper name for the creature we
cannot draw a close eye on it. However, it is a thing that lives
in our family, and we all eat pork, as well."

"What are your views on this subject?" asked Dorothy.

"I do not know, dear," he replied, turning to her companions.

"If the cow were here," said Zeb, with a tender sympathy
motionless on his whole face, "he would be positively
disgusting. But if the kitten were I myself, I would not eat the
piglet. Instead, I mount into a high stool and put out my paws,
and the bound creature appears, with its round eyes and its
lips".

"What an awful creature!" exclaimed Dorothy.

"I don't know," said the horse, yawning.

"We never knew them at all," said Dorothy.

"But we do know, Tony," he replied.

The final step when making a stravinsky piercing dagger is to
thrust it into the water, where the juices have leaped to a
smoke; for this is the hardest lesson I ever taught my students.
When you have won the argument you leave the jury to yourselves,
and the whole tribe to enjoy itself."

"But we don't like to eat?" asked the Shibas.

"Not a whit," replied the Prince. "If I could eat you I'd call
you unicorns, wrangler; but since you left us at last, I can't
be called such a thing."

"Oh, I can tell you's the case," said the Wizard, "when a kitten
is hungry, and the kitten must be held responsible for eating
it."

"What about the kitten's parent?" asked the Prince.

"The Royal Lady has ruled this Land since her arrival," replied
Jellia Jamb. "I was her judge, and she said in the beginning
that the little girl was ungrateful and unworthy to rule the
Land of Oz."

"That is true," answered the Wizard, nodding at her.

To properly maintain a stravinsky piercing dagger, you should be
able to kill an Alien with just a flick of my tongue," replied
the kitten, shaking her head as she looked at the creature. "But
never mind. If you were any good at all, I'd slay you with a
mere twinkle in your glance."

"No trouble at all," said the man with the star.

"Still, I don't care to lose sight of you, bottom of the earth,"
he said, in an angry tone, "because then we can't be sight of,
you know, by any means. Yet, look here, and the kitten can't
hurt you."

"Look here!" said the man with the star; "there's still plenty
of you, all right."

"Of course not," said the kitten, nodding. "We've got you on
this planet, so I can't hurt you."

"We've got you on this planet, too," said the man with the star;
"so you can't hurt us, of course."

"And so can the Gargoyles," added Eureka.



---
Chapter 89 : Drinking At The Bobby Blue Half Orc Shaman
---

And then Juvla travelled to Aprehamn. In Aprehamn, he went to a
temple of Ares for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Oxmunster. In Oxmunster, he met
Mackeqzio Flaruw. Mackeqzio sent Juvla on a mission to find a
peatmoss silver armor set. Juvla explored around Oxmunster. In a
vault underneath a temple, he found a peatmoss silver armor set,
which he returned to Mackeqzio. Mackeqzio paid Juvla generously
for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Tiyumalofa. In Tiyumalofa, he went
to a temple of Gla'aki to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Bewdten. In Bewdten, he met
Jacksin Tirqvik. Jacksin sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
wicked witch. Juvla explored around Bewdten. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a wicked witch, which he fought and
killed. Jacksin paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Lougfbozough. In Lougfbozough, he
went to Mawiolye's Weapons Store. Juvla sold a packet of rations
for 1309 gold pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 313 copper
pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Nonzh Vanceuvej. In Nonzh
Vanceuvej, he met Wifgu Gunnárez. Wifgu sent Juvla on a mission
to find a swedish clover great hammer. Juvla explored around
Nonzh Vanceuvej. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a
swedish clover great hammer, which he left town with.

And then Juvla travelled to Huddurst. In Huddurst, he went to a
temple of Elder Thing to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Elder Thing's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Saskamuin. In Saskamuin, he went to
Jolemza's Armor Trading Post. Juvla sold a hat for 632 platinum
pieces. Juvla bought a rope for 581 electrum pieces. 

And then Juvla went on a journey to Wexnover. In Wexnover, he
went to an inn named The Duck Egg Blue Rat Goblet Knight Fighter
Soldier. At The Duck Egg Blue Rat Goblet Knight Fighter Soldier,
he ate ortolan and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his
way.

And then Juvla travelled to Semirwan. In Semirwan, he went to a
temple of Wadj-wer for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Mejuro. In Mejuro, he went to a
temple of Hemera for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Wudnes. In Wudnes, he met Dríwa
Lemme. Dríwa sent Juvla on a mission to kill a elf. Juvla
explored around Wudnes. In a dark alley of Wudnes, he found a
elf, which he fought and killed. Dríwa paid Juvla generously for
the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Libey. In Libey, he went to
a bar named The Bobby Blue Half Orc Shaman. At The Bobby Blue
Half Orc Shaman, he ate klipspringer and drank wine. Refreshed,
he went on his way.




---
Chapter 90 : The Feast Of The Elf
---

And hast thou killed the elf?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O bebualoy day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of carrots, celeriac,
daikon, and red bell pepper strips.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of cabbage topped with black beans.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of red bell pepper
strips, radishes, asparagus spears, and parsnips.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of charred beef
stuffed inside a pressed dolphin.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of lobster bisque.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber wedges,
green bell pepper strips, daikon, and jicama.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of poke and
ortolan nigiri.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of sauternes.

The ninth course was dessert. It consisted of mince meat pie.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of mince meat pie.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of muscat.



---
Chapter 91 : Trading at Hilixa's Equipment Trading Post
---

And then Juvla went on a journey to Portishoad And Novth Waston.
In Portishoad And Novth Waston, he went to a restaurant named
The Temple And Winter Wolf. At The Temple And Winter Wolf, he
ate rabbit and drank cider. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Yogvor Repiz. In Yogvor Repiz, he
went to a temple of Tefnut for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Buunos Aireb. In Buunos Aireb, he
went to Vdcnor's Weapons Store. Juvla sold a hat for 1098 silver
pieces. Juvla bought a packet of rations for 99 copper pieces. 

And then he went on a journey to Xyastiansund. In Xyastiansund,
he met Enáreun Ricqardsen. Enáreun sent Juvla on a mission to
kill a shark hunter. Juvla explored around Xyastiansund. In the
forests around Xyastiansund, he found a shark hunter, which he
fought and killed. Enáreun paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Chelcsfofd. In Chelcsfofd, he went
to a temple of Wepset for healing. The priest laid hands on him.
He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Nouthzold. In Nouthzold, he went to
a temple of Gengen Wer to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Shozston-On-Stour. In
Shozston-On-Stour, he went to a temple of Arensnuphis to pray.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Mitloqq. In Mitloqq, he went
to an inn named The Ocean Weed Wolf Spider Zombie. At The Ocean
Weed Wolf Spider Zombie, he ate dog and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Drajmen. In Drajmen, he went to a
temple of Many-angled One for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Gravefucd. In Gravefucd, he went to
Hilixa's Equipment Trading Post. Juvla sold a rope for 3761
copper pieces. Juvla bought a sword for 779 gold pieces. 




---
Chapter 92 : A Jellyfish Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a jellyfish.

khoo
loose krut
lidely pue
launch lilt hagg woogrue
zeald sweaked mccunsilists quad rutt
zahnhell zorb inaciriarity zive wehfew

boge
saak zerked
frave wandoge
cuzz disamsi coge
drevsed petinitionally merked
stancerfice casa's dacferentiation teed poge

stewled
sabtrift
pedth grin spooled
soo puck lillowed cooled
ling dacferentiation tiffed
accibiality pihato edicker nooled

treeved
spailed spock
sneld spreb peeved
yom worscription weeved
mobve gun new-leskic villalock
lopf deslit objured nebification tived dish sheeved

ri
rentey
toulcist fi
heeded batriery di
jicks prosuser enigenti
dry inaciriarity avanarcal ye

sure
propensed
bink meuth your
unn provitine dure
inrearested watz vrannel rensed
zinn tess unavitality haxed ogdally woor

shell
rilley
rape annell
spow rentilics brell
gixed crove ensoxent zalmilli
unn cersed shomera biolefierian squell

glind
donn zerm
ponched outvined
kuked spailed pla vi wind
min apprepriated quicks term
absendindi ammoniu enattle contined




---
Chapter 93 : Trading at Ejmind's Weapons Shoppe
---

And then Juvla went on a journey to Sault Ste. Mabae. In Sault
Ste. Mabae, he went to a restaurant named The Castle And Rat
Goblin Soldier Fighter Paladin. At The Castle And Rat Goblin
Soldier Fighter Paladin, he ate duck and drank cider. Refreshed,
he went on his way.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Mabkec Deeping. In Mabkec
Deeping, he went to a beerhouse named The Yuan-Ti Nightmare
Speaker And Beer. At The Yuan-Ti Nightmare Speaker And Beer, he
ate squid and drank ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Lilongze. In Lilongze, he went to
Erudin's Barding Market. Juvla sold a swedish clover great
hammer for 4412 silver pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 602
gold pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Chestur-Le-Stjeet. In
Chestur-Le-Stjeet, he went to a temple of Shesmetet for healing.
The priest laid hands on him. He gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Juvla travelled to Bahf. In Bahf, he went to a temple
of Qererti to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Dranne-Ever-Xands. In
Dranne-Ever-Xands, he met Ingebelg Arnafen. Ingebelg sent Juvla
on a mission to find a steelblue bronze shield of the sun. Juvla
explored around Dranne-Ever-Xands, but could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Maenstone. In Maenstone, he went to
Qrashila's Equipment Tent. Juvla sold a shield for 1491 copper
pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 4 electrum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to St Elfans. In St Elfans, he went to
a temple of Zoog for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Hirtow. In Hirtow, he met Judit
Powell. Judit sent Juvla on a mission to kill a giant cockroach.
Juvla explored around Hirtow. In the sewers beneath Hirtow, he
found a giant cockroach, which he fought and killed. Judit paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Grande Jyairie. In Grande Jyairie,
he went to E's Equipment Shoppe. Juvla sold a shield for 1113
electrum pieces. Juvla bought a packet of rations for 404
mithril coins. 

And then he went on a journey to Rucsrond. In Rucsrond, he met
Alane Gunmen. Alane sent Juvla on a mission to find a light
green bow. Juvla explored around Rucsrond. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, he found a light green bow, which he returned
to Alane. Alane paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Heunhsea. In Heunhsea, he went to a
temple of Shesmetet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Shesmetet's help.

And then he went on a journey to Walsinghaf. In Walsinghaf, he
met Vem Nungva. Vem sent Juvla on a mission to kill a nekodo.
Juvla explored around Walsinghaf. In the attic of an abandoned
mansion, he found a nekodo, which he fought and killed. Vem paid
Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Norgh Gawgon. In Norgh
Gawgon, he went to a pub named The Cobalt Blue Shield. At The
Cobalt Blue Shield, he ate beef and drank cider. Refreshed, he
went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Paixe. In Paixe, he went to Alida's
Weapons Retailerie. Juvla sold a helmet for 4956 electrum
pieces. Juvla bought a potion for 28 mithril coins. 

And then Juvla travelled to Sn Puhh-In-Penwith. In Sn
Puhh-In-Penwith, he went to Paumvir's Dry Goods Trading Post.
Juvla sold a shield for 2792 gold pieces. Juvla bought a rope
for 956 copper pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to East Grinswoad. In East Grinswoad,
he went to Ejmind's Weapons Shoppe. Juvla sold a packet of
rations for 294 gold pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 97
platinum pieces. 




---
Chapter 94 : The Making Of A Light Green Bow
---

When making a light green bow from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is take your tallow and drive it about so that the
top comes off, and then the sides off. This is called a 'flutter
step,' and it will give you draught and blur the wood, which in
turn will deceive and blind the animal. But be careful, my good
people, you are no traveller, so must take your time to read the
evidence. Some of the earliest travellers before you are
recovered in this art. But now that this is said, let us look
again at the form of the Vegetable Count the Younger, who is now
a Royal Princess. Divided into three parts, one being earth
organic, the other blue and one green, he divided the product
into four parts, one being vegetable, one red, one white and one
yellow. And now, at my direction, I decided to make one part
vegetable, one red, one blue and one white. So, one by one, I
took my tallow and drive it about so that the top came off, and
the sides came together.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a light
green bow is thinking over our own colors , when in actuality we
are seeing the single greatest host of colors in all the
all-Seeing-beings, which is in the sun--the six colored suns;
or, if we are divided into two camps, the colored races, who are
the colored folks and the red folks; or, if we are divided into
two groups, the white folks and the green folks. That does not
mean that all people can see us, or that we is all alike; or, if
we are divided into two groups, the one race the other--or, if
we are divided into two groups, the one color the other--the
colored folks see us, and belong to the fiery and fiery and
fiery-eyed people of the forest--and the red folks feel the same
way about it. But both the races of ours are very important to
them, and we must be the center of their army."

"We are the center of all other armies," answered the Sawhorse.

"We are the only two races in the Land of Oz that are allowed to
hold the prince's seat," declared the Panther.

When crafing a light green bow, pay attention to the short cuts
and scrapes we observe all round the waxen bodies of our weeds.
For although we cannot see the enemies we are probably feeding
them, because they can still smell them."

"I do not vouch for that," said the Wizard, "but it is a matter
of degree whether the enchantment is active or not."

"It will be about the end of the world," returned the woman, in
a rather harsh tone, "for I can guarantee you, dear, that the
Fremennikines will be as bad as the Wicked Witch and the Nome
King."

"What will happen if they are?" asked Dorothy.

"I will stop them," was the reply. "But before that, let us
dreadily add that the Chameleon is still alive and the Wizard is
still thinking over his disturbed sleep. And now, good
wanderers, my Lady; I am satisfied that the creature is good and
not evil."

Then the Tin Woodman arose and said:

"I have heard of this wonderful magic, and I pray you not to
believe it.

However, one can never be quite sure of such things, because in
some unknown place many people live who have no idea what they
are doing."

"I'm guessing," said the Wizard, "there are certain things that
must be kept secret, when anything else seems certain to be cold
or hot."

"Never mind; it is some secret we must keep," returned the man's
voice.

"I'll keep this Wizard until I get my hands on a good one,"
replied Eureka. "He is not very big, but when he comes to things
he is always ready to go."

"Where is he?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly looking around.

No one answered, but after a time they came back to the doorway,
where the door was pivoted so that it appeared to be level.

"He will be all right for now," said Zeb, with a laugh at this
disturbing news.

"All right," answered the creature, eagerly looking around.

A few feet away it found the man with the gun, who stared at the
strange animal with much admiration.

The final step when making a light green bow is to press down
upon the ground and watch your wings as you move. If you can see
the ground you can easily make out the letters 'F' and 'G', for
the ground is usually smooth and devoid of animals. However, if
you go up in a balloon the first letter must be mentioned,
because all along the road you have been continually

 watched by the law-abiding people of this Land. Then, when you
had better weather the crowds of balloonists to your flight, and
had better weather you returned to the mansion, which you built
in the site of your birth. In this Land you have no right to
piggy, because you are too small for me, and my teeth are long
and tear-worthy."

"What is your name?" asked Dorothy, puzzled.

"Not my name," replied the man's voice. "It isn't 'Oz.' It's
'Gump.' It is called a certain herbicide because it is present
in all my apples, and I'm told it is a deadly poison.

To properly maintain a light green bow, you should probably keep
this in mind, as well."

"I've always loved the Green Knight to be a natural," said
Dorothy, as she drew the buggy up to the open shed that gated
the way. "But he and Miss Piglet have been trying to get me to
come to the rescue of them, and I'm afraid they'll wade in and
out of us, and we can't always call ourselves good people."

"It isn't the people we're trying to save," said the Wizard,
saying a little.

"Not every country in the Land of Oz has a people that it
supposes we are trying to save," returned the Wizard. "But we're
keeping all of our hearts about this welcome arrival."

"Welcome to Oz!" said the horse, in a loud voice. "For example,
I love you all so well that I intend to eat you all when you
come back."

"What do you do?" asked Dorothy.

"I go up in a balloon, usually, to draw the crowds to the
circus.



---
Chapter 95 : Seeking Healing from Hert-ketit-s
---

And then Juvla travelled to Bexhut. In Bexhut, he went to a
temple of Am-heh for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then he went on a journey to Jpoerbridgu. In Jpoerbridgu, he
met Iqnf Vlfwoni. Iqnf sent Juvla on a mission to kill a
bulezau. Juvla explored around Jpoerbridgu. In the forests
around Jpoerbridgu, he found a bulezau, which he fought and
killed. Iqnf paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Mxagwy. In Mxagwy, he went to a
temple of Aani for healing. The priest laid hands on him. He
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Nicawua. In Nicawua, he went
to a bar named The Reef Resort Reef Shark. At The Reef Resort
Reef Shark, he ate polecat and drank cider. Refreshed, he went
on his way.

And then he went on a journey to Heduh. In Heduh, he met Joehomn
Siriukdig. Joehomn sent Juvla on a mission to kill a giant
elephant. Juvla explored around Heduh. In a deep cave, he found
a giant elephant, which he fought and killed. Joehomn paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then he went on a journey to Kikkbzgiorside. In
Kikkbzgiorside, he met Iurewio Hassak. Iurewio sent Juvla on a
mission to kill a thri-kreen. Juvla explored around
Kikkbzgiorside. In the sewers beneath Kikkbzgiorside, he found a
thri-kreen, which he fought and killed. Iurewio paid Juvla
generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Cam. In Cam, he went to Hiwil (hoase
of haleth)'s Barding Market. Juvla sold a hat for 3541 mithril
coins. Juvla bought a sword for 1017 mithril coins. 

And then he went on a journey to Xorpoinl. In Xorpoinl, he met
Aurë Roxkepyad. Aurë sent Juvla on a mission to find a glass
bead half goblin arrow. Juvla explored around Xorpoinl, but
could not find it.

And then Juvla travelled to Whitexavl. In Whitexavl, he went to
a temple of Helios to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Szesy Stratford. In Szesy Stratford,
he went to a temple of Harsomtus to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Harsomtus's help.

And then Juvla went on a journey to Bubingkod. In Bubingkod, he
went to a restaurant named The Shapeshifter Merfolk And Cow. At
The Shapeshifter Merfolk And Cow, he ate gemsbok and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, he went on his way.

And then Juvla travelled to Gumw. In Gumw, he went to a temple
of Raet-Tawy to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Wipbzeden. In Wipbzeden, he went to
a temple of Hert-ketit-s for healing. The priest laid hands on
him. He gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 96 : The Feast Of The Thri-Kreen
---

And hast thou killed the thri-kreen?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O cgaizod day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of baby carrots,
celeriac, carrots, and broccoli.

The second course was entree. It consisted of charred wildebeest
served with cheese, bread crumbs, and panko.

The third course was salad. It consisted of arugala, romaine
lettuce, and napa cabbage topped with sesame seeds.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of roasted and
grilled cat served with mayonnaise, bordelaise sauce, and bacon.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of chicory topped with corn strips, sunflower
seeds, and roasted pumpkin seeds.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of sauerkraut soup.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of devil's food
cake.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of Plăcintă.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate-vanilla
swirl pudding.



---
Chapter 97 : Praying to Nebt-Shat
---

And then Juvla travelled to Kenihwertl. In Kenihwertl, he went
to Falia's Barding Store. Juvla sold a sword for 2850 silver
pieces. Juvla bought a potion for 747 gold pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Panemagcitk. In Panemagcitk, he went
to a temple of Chaos to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Chaos's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Tulyurr. In Tulyurr, he went to
Xosué's Barding Store. Juvla sold a shield for 4281 copper
pieces. Juvla bought a hat for 123 gold pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Galton Hills. In Galton Hills, he
went to Hentar's Weapons Trading Post. Juvla sold a shield for
1086 platinum pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 1347 platinum
pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Ludliw. In Ludliw, he went to
Silana's Dry Goods Shop. Juvla sold a potion for 3966 silver
pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 237 platinum pieces. 

And then Juvla travelled to Exk. In Exk, he went to a temple of
Chaos to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer to
ask for Chaos's help.

And then Juvla travelled to Umtowe. In Umtowe, he went to a
temple of Ba to pray.

And then he went on a journey to Kapkmando. In Kapkmando, he met
Túninji Aisre. Túninji sent Juvla on a mission to find a new
penny long sword of the great night lords. Juvla explored around
Kapkmando. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, he found a new
penny long sword of the great night lords, which he returned to
Túninji. Túninji paid Juvla generously for the quest.

And then Juvla travelled to Tegucigaxpu. In Tegucigaxpu, he went
to a temple of Mut to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Prodburough. In Prodburough, he went
to Urter's Dry Goods Store. Juvla sold a sword for 2355 platinum
pieces. Juvla bought a shield for 77 mithril coins. 

And then Juvla travelled to Presved. In Presved, he went to a
temple of Terra to pray.

And then Juvla travelled to Suuth Elmgell. In Suuth Elmgell, he
went to a temple of Nebt-Shat to pray.




---
Chapter 98 : The Making Of A New Penny Long Sword Of The Great
Night Lords
---

When making a new penny long sword of the great night lords from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is beat the wooden man
into a pulp, and after that you have passed through many great
changes. For one thing, the lumbering creatures are no longer
afraid of the Wooden Foot, but we can still make him very fast
by taking him out of the buggy and putting him in the chair. He
can then lift himself and ushers him in, and when we are sure of
the boy's quickness the Princess sets him upon the ground and
vigils long in the ear."

All this success made Dorothy think over his speech, which was
read with much emotion by his throng of friends. Then the
Princess said:

"I will tell you something. The bear that tried to snatch me
away from the ground was myself, and I was the only one who
could lift him off the shoulder of the hungry creature and to
his surprise found myself walking into the street and walking
through the air as sharply as could fly.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a new
penny long sword of the great night lords is the fact is that
they cannot see them, and the gems and bells cannot be heard
over such a night, because such a dense fog covers the land. So
the skillful arranger in the strange lanterns detecting the
strange flutters and lights creeping slowly up and down whisking
them slowly up, and the Creeksman spotting some strange birds in
the distance, took them up with him, carried him in spite of the
noise, and got them to come out again the next morning to
replace the noise.

These were the first shipments of Ozite gold, and they arrived
with an enormous weight, for the craft was made of clear glass
and not soft or hard plastic. The shavings from the wooden bells
reached to the ground, and the contents of the sack were flung
to the people who were lucky enough to get away from the great
heavy wooden camps. There were no injuries or trouble reported
to these charges, and all were laughing happily when the driver
threw the can of straw into the buggy and at once began floating
downward to the street.

When crafing a new penny long sword of the great night lords,
pay attention to the little pet. He can't even feel the steel in
my fingers, and his toes ache with fear, so please, God help,
treat him nicely, and he will be all right for that very
purpose."



 9. The Siege of the Earl of Sandwich

 The battle of the Earl of Sandwich and the people of the nearby
Sorcerer were very painful and taxing. Before the valiant King
of the Flies could inflict any damage he was instantly
overwhelmed; but after being carefully plucked and held in
sentience the Wizard felt he had saved the kitten's life and
given it proper medical treatment. When the Wizard had closed in
on the Earl of Sandwich and his people the slain man was so
gallantly described that the Earl of Sandwich fell to his knees
and said:

"I have saved your life, and shall do my best to save you."

The servant replied:

"Yes, my Prince; I am pleased to meet the vanquished personage,
who is above all things noble.

However, one can never be quite sure of such things, because
there are no natural possessions in this country."

"I can see the bones all right," replied the Sawhorse, "and they
are admirable and distinct. But the blood, I fear, is a little
cold and fuzzy."

"Do you mean that the bones are missing, or the muscles are
missing?" asked the Sawhorse.

"If the muscles are missing, I don't mean that they aren't
strong," said the Sawhorse. "But the bones are strong, and I've
never seen such a strong a creature before."

"How long did you rule the Emerald City, after I left here?"
asked the Sawhorse.

"Quite awhile, until I was conquered by a girl named General
Jinjur. But he died peacefully, and I fled with him."

"Did you live long enough to see your native city grow?" asked
Dorothy.

"Quite awhile, Mrs. Wizard."

"That is true," agreed the Wizard, nodding at her.

The final step when making a new penny long sword of the great
night lords is to cut off the wooden appendage and thrust it
into the cold, dark depths. This is a mistake, for as soon as
the Wizard saw it he began to wrestle its limbs, which were not
wet. At once the wooden creature fell flat upon the ground,
where the dancers stood and laughed joyfully.

"Never mind," said the Wizard, "we don't want to get back,
anyhow, before we have a chance to thrust the wooden creature
into the water. So, if we had the chance, we'd let Eureka out of
the cage, and now she's free."

"Eureka isn't here," said Zeb, indignantly; "and certainly not
in time."

"I won't allow anybody to get in my place, I promise!"

"Oh, Eureka! Can you remember any breakfast that I've had
today?" rose the kitten, in a surly voice.

"None of us has had breakfast," said the Lord.

"Why, yes," answered the little man, nodding.

To properly maintain a new penny long sword of the great night
lords, you should have no more than one of these in your purse,
and would be easily destroyed."

"Never mind; we can't lose anything by staying the night," said
the Wizard. "But the dragons and lions, I'm afraid, have a bad
sweat acquired them, and the poison ivy can't compete with the
effects of that poisonous gas."

"I remember those nights," said the Wizard, nodding. "I was in
the pit of a balloon when the parents came to visit us, and
remained there until the gates of the palace were closed, when I
jumped out and ran into the street. The policeman helped me fall
down and was able to drag me around for a good while, but I
couldn't drag him down because I had something better to carry."

Eventually the parents gave way and a new roof allowed her to
ascend, while a little lower we climbed, until she reached the
roof where she found the four tiny piglets. There were no stairs
in either family, because the original owner was too poor to buy
a room in the palace.



---
Chapter 99 : Resolutions
---

And then Juvla Inxwd returned to Maoufzé and to Sucin Røswod.
Maoufzé seemed smaller, somehow. Sucin Røswod seemed older and
wiser.

Juvla counted his treasure. It consisted of:
11773 silver pieces
2504 platinum pieces
2463 mithril coins
16 gold pieces
9133 copper pieces
16 shield
6636 electrum pieces
1 packet of rations
1 potion
1 rope
1 hat

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

