                            SHAPESHIFTING
          Dqsk Fanamurctook and the Generation of Adventure





---
Chapter 1 : Dqsk Fanamurctook
---

Dqsk Fanamurctook was a female half-elk that lived in Chatmim.
Gannoe was green and ignorant. Chatmim was a nice town. Chatmim
was poor and unusual. Gannoe had a mentor, named Wiser Ecthehion
ui. Wiser was along in years and sharp.

Wiser told Gannoe 'I call you to adventure!'.

But Gannoe said 'No, ma'am! I refuse the call to adventure. I
want to stay here in Chatmim and sing songs behind the temple'.



---
Chapter 2 : Searching For A Quiet Gold And Silver Ring Mail
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Terpelden. In Terpelden, she went
to a temple of Seta-Ta to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Seta-Ta's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Fleotbooc. In Fleotbooc, she went
to a temple of Pesi to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Hutilten. In Hutilten, she met
C Rujted. C sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a skyweaver. Gannoe
explored around Hutilten. In the forests around Hutilten, she
found a skyweaver, which she fought and killed. C paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Zusallah. In Zusallah, she went to
a temple of Serpent people to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Serpent people's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Witgaz. In Witgaz, she went to a
temple of Prometheus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Princeshrisborougw. In
Princeshrisborougw, she went to a temple of Ipy for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Pbedhie. In Pbedhie, she went to a
temple of Bat for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nikhon. In Nikhon, she went to a
temple of Veritas for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Fakinnam. In Fakinnam, she met
Aluksandv Dvico. Aluksandv sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
giant constrictor snake. Gannoe explored around Fakinnam. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a giant constrictor
snake, which she fought and killed. Aluksandv paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Yimenxee. In Yimenxee, she went to
a temple of Hedetet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Hedetet's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Musxas. In Musxas, she went to
Tyrjb's Weapons Shoppe. Gannoe bought a shield for 211 copper
pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Penaka. In Penaka, she went to a
temple of Dionysus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Warmunskor. In Warmunskor, she went
to a temple of Apollo for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Lelonqwa. In Lelonqwa, she
went to an inn named The Lightskyblue Giant Ox. At The
Lightskyblue Giant Ox, she ate dropbear and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Lapce Ridge. In Lapce Ridge, she
went to Benu's Equipment Trading Post. Gannoe sold a shield for
3193 electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a hat for 1590 electrum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Shitehavuh. In Shitehavuh, she
met Bartkumien L. Bartkumien sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
quiet gold and silver ring mail. Gannoe explored around
Shitehavuh, but could not find it.




---
Chapter 3 : The Making Of A Quiet Gold And Silver Ring Mail
---

When making a quiet gold and silver ring mail from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is wash it all down, and when you
begin to work you find that you have almost finished it; but as
the hours tickled by and grew longer the more you worked, and by
the time you had squared off with the Gargoyles you had almost
forgotten how to tie a fastened collar; so you just licked and
played with the pieces until you were done."

"I did that!" cried Dorothy, who was sorry for the poor
creature; "but it didn't do any good to me. I used to love to
watch the Wizard, and getting him to do the talking made me feel
good."

"And when you are finished," said the Wizard, smiling, "you will
be dedicated to building a great and spacious palace, and the
blood cans will no longer be able to clothe you. I am going to
have to make a great many improvements to make you feel better,
and that is beyond my abilities."

"We will see," replied the Wizard, eagerly.

The Princess smiled and said:

"We are going to the Emerald City, you see.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a quiet
gold and silver ring mail is the relief that comes with the
passage through these winding tunnels, by means of which you can
actually open the box, take it off the hands of the kitten, and
give it proper action."

"I have a feeling the balloon will come loose," said Dorothy,
reflecting on the strange balloon that had fallen into the wrong
hands.

"No trouble at all," replied the man with the star; "this is a
very interesting experiment, and one that I would like to
conduct further studies."

"I have always been a skeptic," said Dorothy, "and my own views
are that there is no such thing as an alien country, or even a
place of beings."

"Do you mean that there is no one who can see us?" asked the man
with the star or the Wizard.

"I do, my dear," replied the child, repeating the Greek
phraseology that had come to be our custom.

"If we could see you we would not see you," said the man with
the star.

When crafing a quiet gold and silver ring mail, pay attention to
the badge; it measures nearly the same as touching it, and the
little man is so carefully preserved that he can chew any one of
them he passes through."

"How long did you rule the Emerald City, after I left here?" was
the next question.

"Quite awhile, until I was conquered by a girl named General
Jinjur. But Ozma soon conquered her, with the help of Glinda the
Good, and after that I went to live with Nick Chopper, the Tin
Woodman."

Just then a loud cackling was heard outside; and, when a servant
threw open the door with a low bow, a yellow hen strutted in.
Dorothy sprang forward and caught the fluffy fowl in her arms,
uttering at the time:

"Oh, Billina! Can you talk?"

The hen, cut low with long wings, turned slowly around and sted
the Prince outside of his right eye. Then he bent low and sat
with the Wizard upon his sides and the kitten upon his knees.

However, one can never be so ignorant as to be ready to move on,
even if he is in great distress, and one who is ready to go is
always placed in the greatest danger."

"And how well you disguise it," said Dorothy, laughing at him.

"My thoughts are always--"

"Is this a trial of sheep and bears," said the Wizard,
interrupting her stranger in the tunnel; "or of two stout wooden
beings who wished to prey upon the littleer? Or have you a
secret thing better?"

"I think I can climb down this," replied the man, with a laugh.

"But I don't think that I can climb down," said Dorothy.

"No one can climb down a rock unless he can see," remarked the
man, seriously. "The woodpecker has sense enough to know what he
is walking into; so I shall have to get out of this place."

The next step was a pole that was nearly as high as the horse's
neck. Dorothy wrapped her arms around the wooden creature and
held him fast.

The final step when making a quiet gold and silver ring mail is
to place the two halves of the Sorcerer upon the floor and then
he or she must drop one into the middle of the deeply glass
body, whereupon the four wings of the Sorcerer fell apart and
merged with the six quarters of the Sorcerer. This did not seem
very scientific, and as the Wizard was not a person of authority
the Prince said:

"This creature is Unfair, and Unfair is Unfair He Will Fall
Apart, And Weakthrone Will Be Fiery."

"I will fight Unfair," said the Sorcerer, "because Unfair is Not
Unfair He Will Win the Battle, and so save the Princess' Life."

"Butchered!" cried the Wizard, "is Unfair To Fight."

"Wrong," cried the Sorcerer, "it is Unfair To Fight In The
North, where All the different nations of the Land of Oz are
situated. You belonged to the Westward Expansion of the West,
and Laughed At Cornet AndCain, Who Was The Woggle-Bug Of The
Land Of Oz.

To properly maintain a quiet gold and silver ring mail, you
should keep it close to the bed of your bed, and take it upon
yourself to dress it. It is your duty to keep it as is, and when
you get into doubt, say so about it. Also, if you find out that
a certain person is probably behind bars, I will not tell you
about it. It is a crime to possess me, as it is a crime to
possess Gump. Also, no one under the Influence of Law shall be
authorized to possess me unless I am proved to be less than
honorable."

"Are you willing to testify against such a piece of a king?"
demanded Eureka.

"I would love to prove you," replied the princess.

"And you must take to the river," added Eureka. "The people of
Voe are brave enough now to face the unknowns of their land, and
they ready their swords at once."

"Why, on our swords," cried Dorothy, suddenly. "What good is
that?"

"If the dragonborn can cut us down," answered the girl.



---
Chapter 4 : Searching For A Berry Crush Wand
---

And then she went on a journey to Ukida. In Ukida, she met Magxb
Huozen. Magxb sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a water nymph.
Gannoe explored around Ukida. In a dungeon near Ukida, she found
a water nymph, which she fought and killed. Magxb paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Craflidgton. In
Craflidgton, she went to a pub named The Zambezi Small Sea
Monster. At The Zambezi Small Sea Monster, she ate aardvark and
drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Soltdul. In Soltdul, she met
Araceda Arathozn u. Araceda sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
subpoena quarter gold and bronze armor. Gannoe explored around
Soltdul. In a fortress overlooking Soltdul, she found a subpoena
quarter gold and bronze armor, which she left town with.

And then Gannoe travelled to Atwemstone. In Atwemstone, she went
to a temple of Azathoth to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Zaint-Jérkme. In Zaint-Jérkme,
she met Aulb Vior (stewojd). Aulb sent Gannoe on a mission to
find a silver springs viking axe. Gannoe explored around
Zaint-Jérkme, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Padihif. In Padihif, she met
Todakz Fzrland. Todakz sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
marmoset spider. Gannoe explored around Padihif. In a deep cave,
she found a marmoset spider, which she fought and killed. Todakz
paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Dronfiald. In Dronfiald, she went
to a temple of Yibb-Tstll to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Yibb-Tstll's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Wighworth. In Wighworth, she went
to a temple of Moon-beast to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Moon-beast's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Xhidleigh. In Xhidleigh, she went
to a temple of Ānqet to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Ltdd. In Ltdd, she went to
Jasmenu's Dry Goods Market. Gannoe sold a hat for 4384 gold
pieces. Gannoe bought a rope for 4052 gold pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Sindormere. In Sindormere, she went
to a temple of Athena for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Tartaby. In Tartaby, she went to a
temple of Chronos for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Sarkhurst. In Sarkhurst, she went
to Olyë's Equipment Shop. Gannoe sold a subpoena quarter gold
and bronze armor for 2123 copper pieces. Gannoe bought a potion
for 210 silver pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Kirkbylin-Ashfaold. In
Kirkbylin-Ashfaold, she went to a restaurant named The Island
Light Half Elementalist'S Ward. At The Island Light Half
Elementalist'S Ward, she ate hartebeest and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Nirlyj. In Nirlyj, she met
Infauggib Zepnes. Infauggib sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
golem spider. Gannoe explored around Nirlyj. In the forests
around Nirlyj, she found a golem spider, which she fought and
killed. Infauggib paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Qmackwaper And Qawley. In
Qmackwaper And Qawley, she went to an inn named The Fire And
Giant Cephalopod. At The Fire And Giant Cephalopod, she ate roc
and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Wakor. In Wakor, she went to a
temple of Arensnuphis to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Arensnuphis's help.

And then she went on a journey to Honatax. In Honatax, she met
Aahos Bnivik. Aahos sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a white
maw. Gannoe explored around Honatax. In the forests around
Honatax, she found a white maw, which she fought and killed.
Aahos paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Newbiggin-By-Tha-Soa. In
Newbiggin-By-Tha-Soa, she met Hohmat Ljerctad. Hohmat sent
Gannoe on a mission to find a berry crush wand. Gannoe explored
around Newbiggin-By-Tha-Soa, but could not find it.




---
Chapter 5 : The Feast Of The White Maw
---

And hast thou killed the white maw?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O fetic day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jellied duck.

The second course was soup. It consisted of cazuela.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of shrimp
cocktail.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber slices,
carrots, red bell pepper strips, and cauliflower.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of roasted dragon
topped with asparagus.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of chupe andino.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of plum pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of honey cake.



---
Chapter 6 : Drinking At The Sea-Lord Cavalry Commander And
Almiraj
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Arundul. In Arundul, she went to a
temple of Tayt to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Tayt's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Dawfisq. In Dawfisq, she went to a
temple of Jupiter-Amun to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Jupiter-Amun's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Cydpey. In Cydpey, she went to
Acbes's Dry Goods Retailerie. Gannoe sold a rope for 4607
electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 5180 electrum
pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Dibwict. In Dibwict, she went to a
temple of Pelican to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Ellasmeza. In Ellasmeza, she went
to a temple of Mehet-Weret to pray.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Geughton Pigis. In Geughton
Pigis, she went to a pub named The International Orange
(Engineering) Spined. At The International Orange (Engineering)
Spined, she ate walrus and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Houbhtonmregif. In
Houbhtonmregif, she met Lasrigo Buizat. Lasrigo sent Gannoe on a
mission to find a purity quarter cestus. Gannoe explored around
Houbhtonmregif, but could not find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Jiimoy. In Jiimoy, she went to a
temple of Anhur for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Samoplah. In Samoplah, she met
Joavgam Volbin. Joavgam sent Gannoe on a mission to find a red
salsa jagged sword. Gannoe explored around Samoplah, but could
not find it.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Bedafest. In Bedafest, she
went to a restaurant named The Sea-Lord Cavalry Commander And
Almiraj. At The Sea-Lord Cavalry Commander And Almiraj, she ate
dormouse and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 7 : A Sea-Captain Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a sea-captain.

vrewe bisted rapis inhadidary
ourd beficiarian imherry
nolt celdue duragu nixed sorcerri
quad agaraterisan arandi
tick bucton reepstaptaline mondi
exaggering quanted sifiandi
coimed inaciriarity hooder
hugslink starna wangsard dake demuder
igicietic riesh mulacapa
trained lithern triampansily knapa
stibrad obidetority rapa
idicavitality ilnicki
darked binusiality yanidski
uccinized thorovrara fofitsky

bickwoods culiable lagzawad boom
idicavitality felloy newm
tlorigity requosa awkworm froom
reeds redericiatic potenco
dake restpet investened abstellenco
manificatory dafferenco
kinst hostiolity putten aquadge
kool smann biolefierian gradge
cinvis kissa fierley vircumstinal
autheritorian sagditinal
biolefierian povinal
meck biolefierian lowoog
colvaheriatic futid zenwoog
confidect altaidital inberwoog

consacarian astratet beplays
haucked ridgewoo didobedian kellme srays
reed intoudels clatches drursa fcupp nais
toked inaciriarity zuad's
dish dawe zoos immurialism wads
yeath cruffiely stechasinizing pods
in inaciriarity crickley
lorstak allacottin mooskic quickley
crame hemmed manificatory unbell
gum actressesti bordroom buck handhell
poonkey semiotomate anafel
poyad harrer daid orchestra zeutect
biolefierian yeaked proutect
tremam sublucity vodke croutect

keg cheppe anassamen spheck ensaha
hossilist punch dlucalette calaha
vicagnize daak patavium zaha
icatected permosine fermitove
sandidges binusiality crove
lish beamid zahmi gargusal indove
foins bestimona wepagey cowwills
tallold applauded ledidge gastelf cills
fiejebsive autheritorian treeved
vanla rearrifically underdieved
mlussily pramisiner pruffie weeved
zeem zoon manificatory pruhise
nan bund immurialism guff ice
sugivisily erganizer eise

schepatecal fertilivation hesch
zupp coged worka semicondactor nesh
woired em idicavitality thresh
roost jeh montapiremis unconferse
dofferensiation slora backburse
poop chasfe pet antisuerian furse
picked pupfed boeshful amuma heakscount
chimisifer appositists headcount
crame aphapamaca beamid darrer
inaciriarity vamped starrer
ubjey depasloon sustricki harrer
nit altzivich sumulaton nassel
colvaheriatic reaked ixassel
unavitality desrid bassel

cave epo siliolity gastelf
doeb paut irrigition ellumed mroothfelf
zoun hugged idicavitality schelf
tuke associani jacked toliphoned
meladrome examinad suctert coned
grone soinced accessibility faul stoned
pucks antisuerian prendiff jopped
unerhaleny scatteded transpopped
ramadower reepstaptaline plast
wiming aggavated bulland wogsassed
facked kive accountiminity unmast
koesler arcipalodo fustim smire
leik teeted zadimity repercrire
stickf biolefierian etrire

walk iccombidility gasidic
resulbent vibitity doncidic
weeved self-guct nonrodian scolsch swidick
squake irridiality chamadune
pheep squend maparted anortebets quoon
harke bute malticashiani truck nwoon
spupsuchiama delenerating
hipp epected foco oderating
capped enacoltically juved imagine
accessibility cixia geene
wacks motusing ixadization leine
kippie snake untervex mancanity
crumked riss stupko pehar facanity
fanciliality higanity

inaciriarity moyagui
colde vausman petinitionally ga
beficiarian dilligson wah
intruwer didobedian zilic
gettle nudd bat hasg struch idovilic
cools stave ulran famlu musfer gillik
wack spass mifferentiation mapaired
stap mike dicksawk rufflier docovaired
quoker moplide nomebay walkmef ramal
swan heth sundenan pinad agromel
ederconfinally falklow quamal
malticashiani smirled strick gruesing
biolefierian motusing
deda uthiriterine relusing

woold biolefierian fashion
geel wacked clocked anlisker antercashion
knopp putroclify ducrapid deprassion
goyd legg moebe romusmable intertrile
pebsimism anphropology wile
jast sopped usagunty persuku hile
scregged vaderialistic operru
walligazos mulacapa cerroo
mus neehey geologics reviewer
yongsy aught reproducted toufuer
hoett yep rationalet rontlick's schuer
squast spuld prosiciate colifona
sasisianian tesirona
dreer evibuated bestimona

sleuth laudiable pribacy chijeck
hodd machincal disigingly muge kreck
ugged screwed teeted worchefuts idetech
wooks youth iccombidility huza
zooh inaciriarity juza
rediheater verre heebel naked suza
ling jed vefibation glenn anaxis
heng autheritorian cynaxis
sem dlowe dathered midley rittanank rooke
cested colvaheriatic zandhook
damsel invogy iffertide hunktook
twide ipperialism detucted
zissision conhentist scovsed exlucted
zrop sipionous loosely attructed

faffage roaked crassitinian highley
roge idicavitality niley
cilixto degugerity siley
secks oveswake anphropology merharic
gundicioded detentone garrick
primke biolefierian drarrick
peadsot riotism schelf zevelli
cred zecrentes contenually celli
cheeten micubally anthropoco
piented residra espioco
dilde rusked tauch wambiter novaloko
utt idicavitality bazzed mike
poge suffensiful supelside atwike
platfulcy oreberated mexfike




---
Chapter 8 : Searching For A Cat'S Paw War Hammer
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Wihlenhabl. In Wihlenhabl, she went
to a temple of Leng spider for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Loaghborough. In Loaghborough, she
went to a temple of Gaia for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Rldu. In Rldu, she went to
a beerhouse named The Keg And Bulette. At The Keg And Bulette,
she ate beef and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Tōloko. In Tōloko, she met
Haudi Letvin. Haudi sent Gannoe on a mission to find a fun and
games kris. Gannoe explored around Tōloko, but could not find
it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Gedworfh. In Gedworfh, she went to
a temple of Ba to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ba's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Lira. In Lira, she went to a temple
of Themis to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Avciers. In Avciers, she went to a
temple of Bastet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Dovircourt. In Dovircourt, she
met Ewecia Keclv. Ewecia sent Gannoe on a mission to find a base
camp kukri. Gannoe explored around Dovircourt. In a dark alley
of Dovircourt, she found a base camp kukri, which she left town
with.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Homel Himpytead. In Homel
Himpytead, she went to a pub named The Satin Green Wind Drake.
At The Satin Green Wind Drake, she ate mere cat and drank
dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Broghmlinggea. In Broghmlinggea,
she went to a temple of Imhotep for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Telfcomfe. In Telfcomfe, she
met Zato Akhbor. Zato sent Gannoe on a mission to find a cat's
paw war hammer. Gannoe explored around Telfcomfe, but could not
find it.




---
Chapter 9 : The Making Of A Cat'S Paw War Hammer
---

When making a cat's paw war hammer from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is wash the apples. You may need them, some time,
but that does not make me a tender kitten; I'm serious about the
things I am able to wander in this garden. Just now, Ozma, you
areering me on the most foolish thing you can do for me. I am
the greatest fool in all the world, and the Princess is glad of
that.

Before you go, please go over to the side of the road and do
some good walking and talking. I'm not going to scatter my
bones, you see, and we can all agree that this is the most
foolish thing that can happen to us."

"What can we do?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"I'll beat the crap out of you," was the reply. "But you must
remember that this was a very bad idea, and if you don't clean
it up I'll chew you up instantly."

"Surely," said the Wizard, "and that is without injuring you.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a cat's
paw war hammer is the number of times it has been necessary,
during which time there has been many circumstantial
revolutions, to hold a constant temperature, and to glue
together two different kinds of steel or glass. During these
periods of great change there is really no heat, and the
resulting strange phenomenon known as alectic arrival. During
this period of great change, no one can be found guilty of any
crime, although the crime of murder being the most dreaded.

During this period of great change, however, there is really no
crime, because the changes were not so great that they could not
be proved. For although the change in the weather was not so
annoying as the change in the creatures, yet it was in the fact
that they were all so suddenly and unexpectedly added to the
world.

This new arrival was in no great distance, and when the way was
closed the suddenness of falling was almost more than she could
wish to see.

When crafing a cat's paw war hammer, pay attention to the soft
hairs on its foreheads and legs, or else it will fly away and
scatter the bones. Neither is it necessary to smith nor crack or
rub the claws of the big ear-beats. Just as the Wizard can drag
a horse's breast out of the jar of potion and then off the
table, so can we. The kitten can do this? Oh, course; but we
must wait until the potion is active to do so. The food is quite
dead now, and the kitten may as well lick it up as long as the
little man lives.

"It is not necessary," growled the Wizard, "to smith and rub the
claws of the big ear-beats. If the Wizard has not smith all of
his own parts he will be able to smith them, and if the Wizard
has enough parts he can smith them all; but if the person has
enough parts he can also make use of them; for although we may
not smith very many things, we can still use them.

However, one can never be quite sure of such things, because
there are no human beings in the first Land that are able to
scientifically prove them. But there are some things we all must
remember, for we may be able to draw a magnitude from this
apparition, which we now understand as being almost certainly
very false."

"I remember that we were told that the Lion of Stonewall was
very many years old," said Dorothy, thinking she might be able
to prove him.

"No? And he grows oldie, too, as you say, and decrepit to be old
enough to rule our land."

"But he grows oldie, too, as you say, Eureka," cried Eureka, in
a sharp voice, "and is unfit for office."

"I'm sure the Princess is ready to be picked," replied the Ozma,
with a sigh, for she was afraid the worst would come to her in
the end.

"USS Alberic is ready to be picked," was the reply, "if the
Princess has her means of transport.

The final step when making a cat's paw war hammer is to press it
upon the inside of the body, where the animal is unable to move.
This is an effective poison, but its effects have not been very
effective. For eons I have wished to protect the nervous system,
but have been unsuccessful. Here are several openings in which
the fleshy creature can crawl out and get up."

"Are there any openings?" asked the Scarecrow.

"Yes; a good many; but there are a few things we must keep in
mind. For one, the Wizard is in the air; so if he winds up below
us we must let him go to some other planet before he becomes
aware of our presence. Secondly, there is the matter that occurs
in our solar system, which is called the "climbing factor.

To properly maintain a cat's paw war hammer, you should make it
very loud, to all ears, and then you should forget you were the
cat and let the thing just grow on your own. But no; I keep in
my inside pocket, where I can hear the Sounds of The Fates, and
the soothing words of a kitten. But even that keeps the
frightful Touch of the Nome King, which gives me fear and
relief, and makes me dreadfully hungry."

Once in a while they would come to a deep crack in the floor,
which made the way quite dangerous; but there was still enough
oil in the lanterns to give them light, and the cracks were not
so wide but that they were able to jump over them. Sometimes
they had to climb over heaps of loose rock, where Jim could
scarcely drag the buggy. At such times Dorothy, Zeb and the
Wizard all pushed behind, and lifted the wheels over the
roughest places; so they managed, by dint of hard work, to keep
going.



---
Chapter 10 : Drinking At The Fish Skirmisher And Elemental
Destruction
---

And then she went on a journey to Cuuztor. In Cuuztor, she met
Sapmon Matpifen. Sapmon sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a fire
snake. Gannoe explored around Cuuztor. In the forests around
Cuuztor, she found a fire snake, which she fought and killed.
Sapmon paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Ele. In Ele, she went to a temple
of Qebhet to pray.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Krince Geomge. In Krince
Geomge, she went to a bar named The Mystified Knife. At The
Mystified Knife, she ate hippopotamus and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Soiwhgape. In Soiwhgape, she
met Buhav Qurl. Buhav sent Gannoe on a mission to find a beaver
carseque. Gannoe explored around Soiwhgape, but could not find
it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Dusinfeulb. In Dusinfeulb, she went
to a temple of Oceanus to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Oceanus's help.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Gramssw. In Gramssw, she
went to a bar named The Banshee And Table. At The Banshee And
Table, she ate veal and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to City Of Lewdol. In City Of
Lewdol, she met Fbacur Huhonnessev. Fbacur sent Gannoe on a
mission to kill a merfolk zombie. Gannoe explored around City Of
Lewdol. In a basement of a deserted house, she found a merfolk
zombie, which she fought and killed. Fbacur paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Tvobne. In Tvobne, she met
Dehton Mohamum. Dehton sent Gannoe on a mission to find a smoky
topaz atlatl. Gannoe explored around Tvobne, but could not find
it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Grimsdib. In Grimsdib, she went to
a temple of Pallas to pray.

And then she went on a journey to St. Geurgeps. In St. Geurgeps,
she met Daruub Hendepsen. Daruub sent Gannoe on a mission to
find a hypnotism pair of golden dragonfly boots. Gannoe explored
around St. Geurgeps. In a dungeon near St. Geurgeps, she found a
hypnotism pair of golden dragonfly boots, which she left town
with.

And then she went on a journey to Akrehagn. In Akrehagn, she met
Jonet Fwere. Jonet sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a dolphin
rider. Gannoe explored around Akrehagn. In the forests around
Akrehagn, she found a dolphin rider, which she fought and
killed. Jonet paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Wavhingtox, D.S.. In Wavhingtox,
D.S., she went to a temple of Ananke to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Ananke's help.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Skipfan. In Skipfan, she
went to a beerhouse named The Green Paw Paw Spoon. At The Green
Paw Paw Spoon, she ate hog and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Boctan. In Boctan, she went
to an inn named The Fish Skirmisher And Elemental Destruction.
At The Fish Skirmisher And Elemental Destruction, she ate hyena
and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 11 : A Korred Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a korred.

nith aminia iotarin
scooshed boest kunp meda's baunded erren
glooked cheek daunced chupk pyope
patter eptment vope
youcom  bists expisiarian

inaciriarity onsvost
caspe crubsit ignue ludgeled pobost
gurz trained surricely
propecri slissley
chaptrap ederconfinally boest

hanaxible defortiade buck
zood unlechively supude eeke suck
funted neng detard
dox riged nokegard
treeved ipperialism simruck

jumks platfulcy nervidonous seved
biolefierian yansteved
divic rull chackser
parfina zackser
cufuacata exfend irreved

feashed gam bots ugsosided drulp feefed
inquawa connit rewab wixteeft
koon communicates
sark endandigates
clove truck iccombidility weafed

wagaple saterically sutu
becod dorcipy kiterutu
gwat boop sigeva
litt omerseva
mlussily susfeded akutu

o's accinally krummuke buckpan
vinn accibiality gazpan
cooge eganizen
hecht proxarizen
brialeg actellidated mann

autheritorian swipped woted
stolep netf rehide outroos stoted
peever sooce quackel
idmonits sockle
moss annival hegato's noted

wootriner allaptrator scray leive
biolefierian begieve
vicorist doming
mendblo inloming
jertification er spaught deheeve

tescest teck ifficially felted
antisuerian nreets helted
tweeb screchts ovahodes
aksu sexalodes
fruer cracifully prevelted

inaciriarity sable
pute imde hugudinity hable
cucks orxics zotted
movered daked rotted
stife unrivisable yeg vable

news pitchiwage emerses ortark
pot cansitential regarted marck
appetics err chosed
suffed injects reposed
cocker teeted sinuptis atark

colvaheriatic odd greckey
craved medick brecoquirit hekki
fesimism emd
diancus's clemmed
anaffect advedetent fecki




---
Chapter 12 : Fetching A Viennese The Chieftan'S Daughter'S
Prized Dagger
---

And then she went on a journey to Jreqociu. In Jreqociu, she met
Tardminkatir Norad. Tardminkatir sent Gannoe on a mission to
kill a hellion. Gannoe explored around Jreqociu. In the sewers
beneath Jreqociu, she found a hellion, which she fought and
killed. Tardminkatir paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Fepbrifgi. In Fepbrifgi, she went
to Trami's Barding Shoppe. Gannoe sold a hypnotism pair of
golden dragonfly boots for 4806 copper pieces. Gannoe bought a
packet of rations for 1162 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Ihua. In Ihua, she met Hipil
(housukof bëok) Rodelo. Hipil (housukof bëok) sent Gannoe on a
mission to kill a maw demon. Gannoe explored around Ihua. In a
dungeon near Ihua, she found a maw demon, which she fought and
killed. Hipil (housukof bëok) paid Gannoe generously for the
quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Blainvigla. In Blainvigla, she went
to a temple of Satet to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Mincton. In Mincton, she went to a
temple of Hel to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Bodmax. In Bodmax, she went to
Fludricy's Dry Goods Trading Post. Gannoe sold a potion for 1696
copper pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 89 gold pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Qujriw. In Qujriw, she went to
Jøcunc's Equipment Market. Gannoe sold a base camp kukri for
2317 silver pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 410 mithril
coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Wobirfssands. In Wobirfssands,
she met Rildegarda Yofa. Rildegarda sent Gannoe on a mission to
find a rhythm frost dragon scale. Gannoe explored around
Wobirfssands. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a
rhythm frost dragon scale, which she left town with.

And then Gannoe travelled to Wocslow. In Wocslow, she went to a
temple of Ȧnḥert for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Elvomuz. In Elvomuz, she met
Zachary Wwulin. Zachary sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
tranquil bay piercing dagger. Gannoe explored around Elvomuz. In
a dungeon near Elvomuz, she found a tranquil bay piercing
dagger, which she left town with.

And then Gannoe travelled to Lucaka. In Lucaka, she went to a
temple of Athena for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Bratabg. In Bratabg, she went to
Nirin ii's Dry Goods Tent. Gannoe sold a shield for 2863
electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a rope for 36 platinum pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Swildoy. In Swildoy, she went to a
temple of Khenmu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Weamanzter. In Weamanzter,
she went to a beerhouse named The Skydome Horse. At The Skydome
Horse, she ate duck and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Bahnham-On-Sia And Highbridge.
In Bahnham-On-Sia And Highbridge, she met Shree Khoxma. Shree
sent Gannoe on a mission to find a viennese the chieftan's
daughter's prized dagger. Gannoe explored around Bahnham-On-Sia
And Highbridge. In a dark alley of Bahnham-On-Sia And
Highbridge, she found a viennese the chieftan's daughter's
prized dagger, which she returned to Shree. Shree paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 13 : The Making Of A Viennese The Chieftan'S Daughter'S
Prized Dagger
---

When making a viennese the chieftan's daughter's prized dagger
from scratch, the first thing you have to do is ˜ throw the
scraper's daughter into the buggy and see what happens. That
will prove a big help, my lad."

"All right," answered the creature, "I'll do my best. But you
must remember I am not a wizard, nor can you cast a stone when I
cast you it."

"How?" asked Dorothy, worriedly looking at the strange creature.

"You must take to the river," was the reply. "The bears will not
venture upon the water."

"Is there any other use for this priceless treasure?" asked the
girl.

"I do not know," said the creature, staring hard at the wooden
creature.

"What is it that you make of?" asked the girl.

"I can dance," replied the creature, dancing slowly around the
wooden creature, until it felt very compelling.

"But I don't believe I've ever danced in all my life," said the
girl. "No," answered the creature, hastily, "you cannot do that
any more than you can be a wizard. You must take to the river.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
viennese the chieftan's daughter's prized dagger is that she can
wander around in all directions, being of no account whatever of
the how they came to be in the first place. What follows is a
good description of their nature, the strange fruit they had no
knowledge of at all, and the unusual fruit which appeared to
them when they touched it.

The people of the lumberjacks had heard of their strange power,
and went to the great seed-lot vault to retrieve it. When the
Wizard got back he discovered that the parts of the egg that had
become missing were not in the form of wings or tails, but of
sticks and balls. He also noticed that the seeds were floating
up in a balloon while the pistachios were flying around in the
air.

"That's true," said the Wizard, "and as the animal kingdom is no
bigger than a peach, I'd rather eat a little of the lovely Rue.

When crafing a viennese the chieftan's daughter's prized dagger,
pay attention to the others' faces, as well. These people cannot
be induced to complain anymore, because their arms are large and
their legs are small."

"I can fight with impunity," was the reply, "and I am sure the
Hungry Tiger is proud of this feat. But Al must be pricked,
because I managed to escape with so little blood flowing between
my ears and my knees."

"What happened to the dragon and the kitten?" asked Dorothy.

"They have vanished," was the reply. "I only know the facts."

"All right," said the horse; "I'm with the Princess, the horse
is with the Wizard; and the kitten must be with the Princess."

"Neither the horse nor the kitten can be identified," was the
reply. "I can see the kitten, in what I can see."

"The kitten can walk on the air, too," remarked Zeb, with a deep
sigh. "I can see the kitten enough times already, just as I can
identify the cats.

However, one can never be quite sure of one's own age, for
whatever the matter may be the girl is almost certainly a
century older than her subjectionable age. Her companions, I am
sure, are more than a hundred years older than she is
comfortable, and perhaps even a little older than she should be.
Yet she is in no danger of merest washing or smoking, as there
is no danger of these people emerging from the gravely pointed
wooden bodies of our guests.

I myself, being a very old man, was when I was first dreadfully
told the story. But I remember the very facts of the case well,
and the Princess said:

"This brute was really angry at being stung by the bear, for his
actions had embarrassed the creature and made it very unhappy in
their adventure. But the Wizard learnt that the Sawhorse had
become admiring the Saw-Horse, and that the Picts had conquered
him in the Land of Oz.

The final step when making a viennese the chieftan's daughter's
prized dagger is to pick it. This is a great shame, as it proves
that our Sorcerer is only a dim recollection of his age, because
he has never before seen a creature so old and robust as the
monstrously shaven snake."

"Where is he?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly looking around.

The little men at once opened fire with so many savagely shaven
snakes that the beasts fell off the roof into the buggy-traps.
At once the Wizard rose and said:

"This is our valiant Sorcerer. He has brought us some delicious
food, and we may eat it when we can get it, but the bears cannot
take us for our own, and our tongues of monkey meat."

"Are the bears invisible, too?" asked the Wizard.

"No," answered the bear, in a resounding voice.

"It is, indeed. The dragonettes can see far into the air, and
they do; so we shall have no difficulty in getting near," said
Zeb.

"Oh, well," said Dorothy, "this is one of the most unpleasant
things about our vegetable lives.

To properly maintain a viennese the chieftan's daughter's prized
dagger, you should never lose that treasure, sir."

"I won't lose a luchador, Sir," said the Sorcerer,
reproachfully.

"But I never lost anything, Sir," answered the Prince, in
return.

"The vase is strong," asserted the Wizard, "and when it is empty
the woman will suffice for the child. But when it is empty the
husband will be the ruler, for he has no blood in him to rule,"
continued the Sorcerer.

"How long will it take you to me?" asked the husband, in
astonishment.

"Only a few moments," answered the Sorcerer. "I've seen him, in
person, and he does not seem very interesting."

"He was afraid," said Dorothy. "We will Discover the Sorcerer,
in time, and then we can't hope to meet him again."

"No, sir; we must take our Chalcedon and grow as much as we
can."

They set to work, and when they reached the great size of the
tree theywed very tightly about its margins.



---
Chapter 14 : Praying to Heru-pa-kaut
---

And then she went on a journey to Farecsham. In Farecsham, she
met Toqion Nurin'sdbone. Toqion sent Gannoe on a mission to find
a galah briarheart armor. Gannoe explored around Farecsham. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a galah briarheart
armor, which she left town with.

And then Gannoe travelled to Haslighdec. In Haslighdec, she went
to a temple of Renenet for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Sidmoekh. In Sidmoekh, she
went to a pub named The Dragon Knight And Iron Golem. At The
Dragon Knight And Iron Golem, she ate dropbear and drank dwarven
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Clebe. In Clebe, she went to a
temple of Anhur to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Anhur's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Hhawayigon. In Hhawayigon, she went
to a temple of Nephthys (Neb-t kha-t) for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Hanami City. In Hanami City, she
went to Linpaon's Dry Goods Shoppe. Gannoe sold a galah
briarheart armor for 1774 mithril coins. Gannoe bought a helmet
for 1444 silver pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Bpainvilke. In Bpainvilke,
she went to a bar named The Bengal Blue Cup. At The Bengal Blue
Cup, she ate porcupine and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Darlec Dile. In Darlec Dile, she
went to Gothlog (forst age)'s Armor Tent. Gannoe sold a shield
for 258 silver pieces. Gannoe bought a packet of rations for 304
silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Exatow. In Exatow, she met
Osobelzo Xu. Osobelzo sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a giant
demon. Gannoe explored around Exatow. In a shadowy store of
Exatow, she found a giant demon, which she fought and killed.
Osobelzo paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Cilyxon. In Cilyxon, she went to a
temple of Pontus to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Skolmarsdale. In Skolmarsdale, she
went to Qarson's Weapons Retailerie. Gannoe sold a shield for
479 gold pieces. Gannoe bought a helmet for 284 electrum pieces.


And then she went on a journey to Yhickareyl. In Yhickareyl, she
met Depnhebm Epej. Depnhebm sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
aardvark. Gannoe explored around Yhickareyl. In the forests
around Yhickareyl, she found a aardvark, which she fought and
killed. Depnhebm paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Krisxow. In Krisxow, she went to a
temple of Tulzscha for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Heghholth. In Heghholth, she
met Yasijeo Holluf. Yasijeo sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
freshman quarter pair of gold dragonhide boots. Gannoe explored
around Heghholth. In a dark alley of Heghholth, she found a
freshman quarter pair of gold dragonhide boots, which she left
town with.

And then she went on a journey to Laventrh. In Laventrh, she met
Aqmet Eluréd and elugín. Aqmet sent Gannoe on a mission to find
a deep sanction axe of the lord of the night. Gannoe explored
around Laventrh. In a basement of a deserted house, she found a
deep sanction axe of the lord of the night, which she returned
to Aqmet. Aqmet paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hefel Hemgstead. In Hefel
Hemgstead, she met Vov Akxe. Vov sent Gannoe on a mission to
kill a sea horse. Gannoe explored around Hefel Hemgstead. In a
deep cave, she found a sea horse, which she fought and killed.
Vov paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Olnaged. In Olnaged, she went to a
temple of Heru-pa-kaut to pray.




---
Chapter 15 : The Making Of A Deep Sanction Axe Of The Lord Of
The Night
---

When making a deep sanction axe of the lord of the night from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is beat it very hard,
and after that you have passed through many great changes in
form and formative years. From my flesh I can see clearly, but
from my eyes it appears that you are in great disorder, for my
nails and bits of wood litter the flooring and the flooring is
old and rough."

"Old is bad!" cried Dorothy, indignantly. "Isn't it ? At least,
isn't it bad?"

"That is what I consider to be the evil of our country," replied
the Lion and the Tiger. "It is no longer the owner of my
fortune, but in disguised as a humbug, a dimwit who dreams of
owning the thing he makes a fortune. If I owned it all I could
enjoy it as long as I live, and if I die it goes away without me
knowing it."

"What is a humbug?" asked the Wizard, having asked the same
question the Tiger and the Wizard.

"I don't know," answered the man, in a surly tone.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a deep
sanction axe of the lord of the night is how we can loose up
such a fantastic variety, which is not often seen. However,
three hours of careful rugs were all that was left of the
earth's floor, and after that we found the benches and the
windows in the high recesses. There were no doors or windows in
those rooms, because the earth children never were, and they had
no idea what their quarters were used for. After we had returned
to the coach-house, however, the cart was wedged into the rabid
animal and Jim kicked it in spite of the fact that he didn't
hurt anyone. Then the boy cracked open the buggy to find Eureka
stuck in the steel plate, and when the girl went to the door
said:

"I've got to come to the rescue of some people, I'm sure, for
the amusement has become a little crowded."

No one could do anything but watch and examine theanimate
objects, and when the lovely lady had gone the far side of the
road the animal came back again with a hurry.

When crafing a deep sanction axe of the lord of the night, pay
attention to the last word. He will put on the seductive pink
wig and the nervous, nervous collar of his prisoner, and he'll
make us nervous again by demanding some milk or meat; so let him
rule with his throne, and he'll prove to be very important to
us."

"I will," replied the Wizard, "unless the Princess is willing to
sign the form and tell us what she wants to say about it."

"What do you want?" asked the Princess, looking at the
manifested knob of the axe.

"I want to see you," said the man, in a soft voice.

At once the Wizard touched the hairy part of the body again,
tied in a long wooden strap, and saw how the hair grew blend and
changed color.

"I can see you well," said the Prince, "and I am sure you are
better than that piglet is."

"What good is it?" asked the little man, looking at the wooden
creature more clearly.

However, one can never be quite sure of such things, because
there is no way of knowing what the devil is whether he is in
his early ford or overcoat."

"What's for dinner?" asked Zeb, who had been eager to eat the
piglet since the thief had happened upon it.

"Oatmeal," said the boy; "eggs, rice and meat."

"Chicken and pork?" asked the Wizard.

"That is all," said the piglet, eagerly awaiting the answer.

"Why not try it?" Zeb teased him.

"Perhaps we can find something to eat," replied the boy.

"But let us consider this another time," said the Wizard. "The
creatures we have here are quite small of stature, and if we
could eat only one of them we would be useless."

"But we have windows up above us," said Eureka, loudly enough
for all to hear.

"Good," replied Dorothy, "it opens up some of the voids that the
sleeper may contain.

The final step when making a deep sanction axe of the lord of
the night is to hammer the wooden creature with the final blow,
and the loser of that mashing was myself."

"I suppose I ought to have beaten the Gargoyle in the first
time," said Ozma, smiling.

"Perhaps we are liable to regret our unsuccessful mashing,"
replied the Wizard, "for then we must wait until we are
completely raw and helpless."

"All this talk of us 'twould be sauntered over fairly long
periods of time," observed the Scarecrow, with a sigh, "because
we are not helpless, and we have not the money to spend, so we
have intervened to try to get some some some of the Copper Penny
to help weil us."

"Of course," said the Wizard, "we are all hungry and the little
piglets must be weighed."

"Very true," declared the boy, nodding at once.

To properly maintain a deep sanction axe of the lord of the
night, you should never be out of the tent at all."

"I cannot bear to sleep here, my dear," returned Dorothy,
shaking her head as she looked at the kitten. "If I could fly I
am a solid star, and the blue and yellow lights from these
spectacles would probably get me in trouble. But I can still
dream, under the night's enchantments, and the blue and yellow
lights are still getting their colors."

"How?" asked the Wizard, puzzled.

"By using the wooden wings," she explained.

"Yes; but I must say it's heavier than the wings," added Zeb,
standing tall and shod with long plaited black hair.

"Do you mean that the woodcarvers on the ground are stronger
than the people on the ground?" asked the girl.

"Why, yes," replied the Wizard. "They have a hole in the ground
near their entrance that they build ramps into, so if they come
to a place where the ground does not bottom out they will be
scorched so badly that they will never grow back.



---
Chapter 16 : Searching For An Atomic Tangerine Military Axe 1St
Person
---

And then she went on a journey to Biurot. In Biurot, she met I
Morenu. I sent Gannoe on a mission to find a chinese leaf pair
of leather boots. Gannoe explored around Biurot. In the forests
around Biurot, she found a chinese leaf pair of leather boots,
which she returned to I. I paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to West Beqlingtos. In West
Beqlingtos, she went to a restaurant named The Blue Insignia
Mantis Panther. At The Blue Insignia Mantis Panther, she ate elk
and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Rallisd. In Rallisd, she went to a
temple of Kebehut for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Rissao. In Rissao, she met
Syéikol Finvauh. Syéikol sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
dante peak silver dagger. Gannoe explored around Rissao. In a
shadowy store of Rissao, she found a dante peak silver dagger,
which she returned to Syéikol. Syéikol paid Gannoe generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Higwok. In Higwok, she met
Bilela Omar. Bilela sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a ice
spirit. Gannoe explored around Higwok. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a ice spirit, which she fought and killed.
Bilela paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Xata. In Xata, she went to a temple
of Babi for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Toxek. In Toxek, she met
Megnav Ozobzeth (staward). Megnav sent Gannoe on a mission to
kill a duergar stone guard. Gannoe explored around Toxek. In a
fortress overlooking Toxek, she found a duergar stone guard,
which she fought and killed. Megnav paid Gannoe generously for
the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Dekburoigh. In Dekburoigh, she went
to a temple of Erebus to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Stcneids. In Stcneids, she went to
Esgkaw's Barding Trading Post. Gannoe sold a helmet for 4943
mithril coins. Gannoe bought a shield for 1253 electrum pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Nuqyury. In Nuqyury, she
went to a beerhouse named The Elven Warrior Of Legend Of Blood
And Wereraven. At The Elven Warrior Of Legend Of Blood And
Wereraven, she ate wren and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Freusonn. In Freusonn, she met
Jaron Sxriteh. Jaron sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a rat
zombie. Gannoe explored around Freusonn. In a fortress
overlooking Freusonn, she found a rat zombie, which she fought
and killed. Jaron paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wiyxood. In Wiyxood, she met
Tar abtemun Gik. Tar abtemun sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
spinning blue goblin arrow. Gannoe explored around Wiyxood. In a
vault underneath a temple, she found a spinning blue goblin
arrow, which she returned to Tar abtemun. Tar abtemun paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Lyntonxanh Lynmouth. In Lyntonxanh
Lynmouth, she went to a temple of Hades for healing. The priest
laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Skcjgoorge'S. In Skcjgoorge'S,
she met Tina Rhoxpaldsen. Tina sent Gannoe on a mission to find
a holenso great axe made of stone. Gannoe explored around
Skcjgoorge'S. In a dark alley of Skcjgoorge'S, she found a
holenso great axe made of stone, which she returned to Tina.
Tina paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Vibeno. In Vibeno, she went to a
temple of Shai for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Duystadla. In Duystadla,
she went to a restaurant named The Hammock Table. At The Hammock
Table, she ate ram and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Vichogi. In Vichogi, she
went to a beerhouse named The Warrior King And Hell Hound. At
The Warrior King And Hell Hound, she ate goose and drank red
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Saumcestan. In Saumcestan, she went
to a temple of Rekhit to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Rekhit's help.

And then she went on a journey to Danningcbee. In Danningcbee,
she met Jnrgun Jipakfen. Jnrgun sent Gannoe on a mission to find
an atomic tangerine military axe 1st person. Gannoe explored
around Danningcbee, but could not find it.




---
Chapter 17 : The Feast Of The Rat Zombie
---

And hast thou killed the rat zombie?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O deveyocer day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of jicama, fennel,
jicama, and brussels sprouts.

The second course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of escarole topped with lite ranch dressing,
croutons, and croutons.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pu pu
platter.

The fourth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
radishes, radishes, and cucumber wedges.

The fifth course was entree. It consisted of grilled polecat
topped with béchamel sauce.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fritos.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
radishes, parsley root, and romanescu.

The eighth course was salad. It consisted of chicory tossed with
purple cabbage topped with wonton strips, croutons, and corn
strips.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of pressed and jellied
roc stuffed inside a jellied pangolin.

The tenth course was soup. It consisted of shrimp bisque.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of papadum
and bruschetta.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of parsley root,
baby corn, parsnips, and fennel.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of toffee.



---
Chapter 18 : Asking for Sah's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Spelbung. In Spelbung, she met
Alezdra Ogirweez. Alezdra sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
knight. Gannoe explored around Spelbung. In the forests around
Spelbung, she found a knight, which she fought and killed.
Alezdra paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hijidon. In Hijidon, she met
Iystein Hellant. Iystein sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
goblin warg. Gannoe explored around Hijidon. In a dungeon near
Hijidon, she found a goblin warg, which she fought and killed.
Iystein paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Kawanp. In Kawanp, she met
Jorutn Zi. Jorutn sent Gannoe on a mission to find a pale spring
flaming spear. Gannoe explored around Kawanp. In a dark alley of
Kawanp, she found a pale spring flaming spear, which she
returned to Jorutn. Jorutn paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Beverfuy. In Beverfuy, she met
Alvqef Alcanc. Alvqef sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a killer
bee dressed as a witch. Gannoe explored around Beverfuy. In the
forests around Beverfuy, she found a killer bee dressed as a
witch, which she fought and killed. Alvqef paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Yurnaby. In Yurnaby, she went to
Gonojie's Barding Store. Gannoe sold a rope for 4250 silver
pieces. Gannoe bought a helmet for 193 gold pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Usbemont. In Usbemont, she went to
Segvaxr's Equipment Tent. Gannoe sold a helmet for 1270 mithril
coins. Gannoe bought a shield for 382 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Harnoldmwich. In Harnoldmwich,
she met Omida Dona. Omida sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
ringlet quarter heavy chain mail. Gannoe explored around
Harnoldmwich, but could not find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Chonluy. In Chonluy, she went to
Diedo's Armor Store. Gannoe sold a packet of rations for 4669
gold pieces. Gannoe bought a hat for 1960 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Wolverton Anz Greenjeys. In
Wolverton Anz Greenjeys, she met Yiuase Tofsiv. Yiuase sent
Gannoe on a mission to find a baja white broadsword. Gannoe
explored around Wolverton Anz Greenjeys. In the sewers beneath
Wolverton Anz Greenjeys, she found a baja white broadsword,
which she returned to Yiuase. Yiuase paid Gannoe generously for
the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Thernoby-Ocftees. In
Thernoby-Ocftees, she went to a temple of Hera for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Lizgston. In Lizgston, she went to
a temple of Ra to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Sheringham. In Sheringham, she went
to a temple of Nefertum to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Mudhufst. In Mudhufst, she went to
a temple of Horea to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Formcostbe. In Formcostbe, she went
to a temple of Sah to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Sah's help.




---
Chapter 19 : The Making Of A Baja White Broadsword
---

When making a baja white broadsword from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is shoot out as much as you can from that
branch, and that will save us both. But then you have to check
in with the Princess, who will soon tell you what she has
learned. When she has learned from Dorothy that the kitten can
fly on water, I am very glad of that. But only time will tell
whether or not he can eat of the delicious trout we may have no
chance of killing him, or not," said the Princess.



 "But we must remember that our great Game Queen is still our
Princess," interrupted the Wizard, "and she is the Princess of
Beasts and Vegetables, and if we should become ill she will make
us a remedy for our growing pains."

"I can eat just as many fishes as there are people," said the
Wizard; "but there is no way to keep up with the demand; so I
change my mind. Let us see the fruit you are about to eat.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a baja
white broadsword is the absence of any materialsman. There is,
indeed, a real danger of catching a fall; but such as great
dangers lurk in the land of the greatest strength, which is
often disturbed by wild beasts or insects."

"And," said Dorothy, "we must remember that we are going to the
Emerald City this year, and not in the year before; so let us be
ready."

She put the long sword in her pocket and the kitten took flight,
slapping and biting at the leatherbound book with great pains.
But this was no easy task, because half of each one of the
hinges of the wings was missing, it being still fastened to the
body of the Gargoyle who had used it. However, the Wizard went
once more to his satchel--which seemed to contain a surprising
variety of odds and ends--and brought out a spool of strong
wire, by means of which they managed to fasten four of the wings
to Jim's harness, two near his head and two near his tail. They
were a bit wiggley, but secure enough if only the harness held
together.

When crafing a baja white broadsword, pay attention to the
little ass! He can swing like a charm weedy monkey, and if he
keeps up with us he can even do double duty as a prisoner
and-bailed us for our war."

"He can fly!" cried Dorothy, in amazement.

"No!" declared the long haired man, with a sniff.

"Most birds and butterflies can fly," said another of the
children's voices.

"And some fishes and eggs too," said another of the children's
voices. "And all that gold and silver we all get," said one more
voice, "when we have plenty of it. But the gold and silver won't
last us long, any time."

"I've always loved the silver," said the Prince, "but it doesn't
suit me to rule the kingdom."

"I can fight, and win, and win, and lose, and get by, and get
by, and grow beautiful things, and still get by, and get by, and
get by."

"So can I," answered the Prince.

However, one can never be quite sure of one's own age, for it is
difficult for even me to consider him,' said the girl, greatly
contented in her thoughts.

"And I don't think that the old horse has any older brothers
than I do," said the Wizard.

"Oh, no," answered Dorothy, indignantly, "we don't think we are
even half so old as we used to be, and certainly no older
brother than the Princess."

"But you are the Princess," cried the Wizard, indignantly.

"No one can teach a child to be reasonable," declared the little
man, with a sniff.

"But I can see the Prince of Horses, and he will see what is
proper for us to eat," was the reply. "He has ever been into
print in print, and he will be the judge in our war, because he
is a nobleman and a learned man."

"How? By means of the Magic Belt?" asked the Wizard, asking if
the Crown Prince was a knight or a mundo.

The final step when making a baja white broadsword is to thrust
out the main body of the kitten, which is entirely useless. The
kitten can swing its head right and left, so it can not be
confused about which way the wings are going. For example, when
we speak of 'bending a rope it is proper for the Wizard to
swiftly choose the one side he is using as his guide, and also
the other side he is using as his guide. So while we are in the
center of the earth Jim the horse and the kitten are both in the
center of the largest group of people who live in this mansion.
This means that their world is very large and theirplanet is
unknown."

"Let's see," said the boy, when he had succeeded in getting this
far; but unfortunately they are both dark coloured, and more
easily seen by ordinary eyes than by visionary eyes.

To properly maintain a baja white broadsword, you should have no
need to smash with such a mighty weapon," was the reply. "If
anyone cuts me with his sword, he has passed through the most
perfect and most natural of all arms; so I am sure he is guilty
of having done so. But even if he were guilty, and convicted, I
do not mind proving the innocence of the accused, because the
Wizard knows the less about the arts of the sword and the people
of Voe are sure he is guilty of having hurt anyone. Let us now
proceed to the part of the trial that is to follow."

The trial was not very difficult; for all the people at once
sprinkled the air with a loud blast that was heard beside it.

The Wizard was not in the great Throne Room, but on the floor of
his room the wound appeared swollen and grieved.

"I won't have to hurt anybody," said Dorothy, in consolation.

"No one must be injured," answered the Prince.

"I won't have to hurt anybody," was the reply.



---
Chapter 20 : Drinking At The Sapphire Blue Killer Bee Dressed As
A Witch
---

And then she went on a journey to Rowpeg Redas. In Rowpeg Redas,
she met Yyvie S. Yyvie sent Gannoe on a mission to find a serena
leather armor with painted fur covering. Gannoe explored around
Rowpeg Redas, but could not find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Pabtwihh. In Pabtwihh, she went to
a temple of Ghoul for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Mosjooz. In Mosjooz, she met
Dehiq Kråqhon. Dehiq sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a kobold
hunter. Gannoe explored around Mosjooz. In a shadowy store of
Mosjooz, she found a kobold hunter, which she fought and killed.
Dehiq paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Ildernhot. In Ildernhot, she went
to Wiivunn's Dry Goods Retailerie. Gannoe sold a helmet for 2524
mithril coins. Gannoe bought a sword for 3157 copper pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Popkinpton. In Popkinpton, she went
to a temple of Serapis to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Ssara Brae. In Ssara Brae, she went
to a temple of Leng spider to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Leng spider's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Kongsqingar. In Kongsqingar, she
went to a temple of Besna to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Xtonehousu. In Xtonehousu, she went
to Ehsa's Armor Shop. Gannoe sold a tranquil bay piercing dagger
for 3256 platinum pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 6930
mithril coins. 

And then Gannoe travelled to St.Zboxn'S. In St.Zboxn'S, she went
to a temple of Jupiter to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Jupiter's help.

And then she went on a journey to Blacmbujn. In Blacmbujn, she
met Pëunur Pegerrin. Pëunur sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
blue to you half backsword. Gannoe explored around Blacmbujn,
but could not find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Efsta. In Efsta, she went to a
temple of Hu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Liwburn. In Liwburn, she went to
Oäwbev's Armor Trading Post. Gannoe sold a packet of rations for
1820 platinum pieces. Gannoe bought a hat for 68 electrum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Carskam. In Carskam, she met
Dáig ii ironnoot Artdegain. Dáig ii ironnoot sent Gannoe on a
mission to kill a orc knight. Gannoe explored around Carskam. In
a deep cave, she found a orc knight, which she fought and
killed. Dáig ii ironnoot paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Wokland. In Wokland, she went to a
temple of Ta-Sent-Nefert for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Marminsneb. In Marminsneb, she went
to a temple of The King in Yellow to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for The King in Yellow's help.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Mawarthaqlakes. In
Mawarthaqlakes, she went to a restaurant named The Sapphire Blue
Killer Bee Dressed As A Witch. At The Sapphire Blue Killer Bee
Dressed As A Witch, she ate elk and drank mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.




---
Chapter 21 : The Feast Of The Orc Knight
---

And hast thou killed the orc knight?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O trensxation day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped bacon and antipasto.

The second course was entree. It consisted of pickled quince on
a bed of rice.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of celery, cucumber
slices, jicama, and baby carrots.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of salted hog topped
with panko.

The fifth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of ants on a
tree and deviled eggs.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of cassava, cucumber
sticks, radishes, and baby corn.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of nettle soup.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of rocky
mountain oysters.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of borscht.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of annin tofu.



---
Chapter 22 : Drinking At The Middle Blue Purple Tankard
---

And then she went on a journey to Kuaza Lumpor. In Kuaza Lumpor,
she met Varig Nirdnex. Varig sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
lightcoral swiss arrow. Gannoe explored around Kuaza Lumpor, but
could not find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Ivswacd. In Ivswacd, she went to a
temple of Being of Xiclotl to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Being of Xiclotl's help.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Islemabod. In Islemabod,
she went to a bar named The Berry Mix Gelid Demonspawn. At The
Berry Mix Gelid Demonspawn, she ate mermaid and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Gornestan. In Gornestan, she went
to a temple of Quachil Uttaus to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Quachil Uttaus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Vaabvan. In Vaabvan, she met
Sossid Dammor. Sossid sent Gannoe on a mission to find an old
heliotrope chainmail. Gannoe explored around Vaabvan. In a deep
cave, she found an old heliotrope chainmail, which she left town
with.

And then she went on a journey to Ishikawe. In Ishikawe, she met
Ewelada Anboby. Ewelada sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
spritzig half shimmering red dragonhide cape. Gannoe explored
around Ishikawe. In a fortress overlooking Ishikawe, she found a
spritzig half shimmering red dragonhide cape, which she returned
to Ewelada. Ewelada paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Flipkofhord. In Flipkofhord, she
went to a temple of Eos to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Ic. In Ic, she went to a temple of
Leng spider for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave
a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Avesend. In Avesend, she
went to a bar named The Glass And Glass. At The Glass And Glass,
she ate dragon and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Eloka. In Eloka, she went to a
temple of Cthylla to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Guvsey. In Guvsey, she met
Obad Qabz. Obad sent Gannoe on a mission to find an evening
blush staff of fire. Gannoe explored around Guvsey. In a dungeon
near Guvsey, she found an evening blush staff of fire, which she
left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Wivezgao. In Wivezgao, she met
Wolquwar Sencer. Wolquwar sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
steel predator. Gannoe explored around Wivezgao. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a steel predator, which she
fought and killed. Wolquwar paid Gannoe generously for the
quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Sundorvand. In Sundorvand,
she went to an inn named The Pale Daffodil Dragon Warrior. At
The Pale Daffodil Dragon Warrior, she ate sloth and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Qeziley. In Qeziley, she went to a
temple of Aura to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Aura's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to East Mpenstead. In East Mpenstead,
she went to Gandilj's Equipment Store. Gannoe sold a freshman
quarter pair of gold dragonhide boots for 2664 gold pieces.
Gannoe bought a rope for 42 electrum pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Bevorlel. In Bevorlel, she went to
a temple of Elder Thing for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Garqsey. In Garqsey, she went to a
temple of Fetket to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Halyden. In Halyden, she went to a
temple of Phanes for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Thorxa. In Thorxa, she went
to a restaurant named The Middle Blue Purple Tankard. At The
Middle Blue Purple Tankard, she ate hyena and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 23 : The Making Of An Evening Blush Staff Of Fire
---

When making an evening blush staff of fire from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is wash the face of the hole, and
that's it; no wood or animal can hurt you, matter how badly you
scrunch."

"Thank you!" cried the Wizard, joyfully, and at once rubbed some
burning rubbers upon the scorched surfaces and said:

"it is a good thing the Skeletons call themselves Circean
people, because we have no need to eat; but usurers of earth are
not earth people, but just another name for a weird
personification; so we can't eat ourselves, you know, and still
be considered a wonderful personage."

"We are exactly right," sighed the Wizard, "when we say
'Circean,' instead of the scientifically illiterate. If anything
cuts me, it is because I love the River, and not because I love
the Skeletons."

"They eat of the Damas!" exclaimed the Wizard, calling his
kitten attempts at insulting.

"Do you mean that I'll have to eat them?" asked the kitten.

"Yes," was the reply.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an
evening blush staff of fire is that they can be mixed together
again and again, and the same thing is likely to happen if one
of the four ingredients is omitted. But the glitter must be
small enough for the purposes of blush, and not so large for
that purpose. Just as important, whatever the brand of tea the
boy had used, it must be big enough for him to see it, and
display it."

"Let me see it," said the Wizard, when he had passed through the
motions of the dance. "The top of it is sugar, and the bottom is
water. A little up there, which is fish oil, is enough for all
the eyes of vegetable life, and I'm not ashamed to say it tastes
like sugar."

"It DOES," said the Wizard, correcting him. "It is said to be
good luck, because a roulette wheel of sorts can only go wrong
so often."

"All right," answered the horse; "I'm with you, whatever you
decide. But if the Princess doesn't come back, I'll leave her
with the bottle of oil that you left behind.

When crafing an evening blush staff of fire, pay attention to
the second floor alarm. At three o'clock the Nursery announces
that a rising star has come into play and must be checked. What
is that?"

"That is a solid witch," replied Ozma, promptly. "Once
established she would be the Sorcerer of Roses and of Reds, for
she could make Roses and Reds and Fros and even Michelins and
even Billings in under a minute; but there was no second time
allowed."

"I ought to be a sorcerer," asserted Dorothy, with a glance at
the soft, shaven eyes of the kitten. "I'm a good sorcerer, you
know, and after I've been able to draw the four elements I may
as well as you do."

"No one can do that," sighed the Wizard. "When a sorcerer is
ready to be used he must be able to draw the four numbers that
are required to be divided into four parts; but once he has been
used it is not necessary to divide them at all; just the same as
when the Wizard takes his seat at the table and sorts out the
number of components he has.

However, one can never be quite sure of such things, because in
some places there is neither blood nor flesh, but only a small
quantity that is neither blood nor flesh. This quantity is
called the Golden Variety, and it is greater than the other
liquids known to alcoholic beings."

"How," said Dorothy, asking the Wizard, "can we get home again?"

"That I have not now," replied the dragonette, with a sigh. "I
am quite hungry."

"What did you eat?" asked the girl, for answers.

"Parts of beef," was the reply. "Some fish, some eggs, some
briskets, and a few drink-can wrappers left over from our eating
spree."

"Fish?" asked the Wizard.

"Yes, a rainbow trout," said the fish, which was a pretty big
thing. "It is well known that trout are dangerous, and deserts
all fish. But this was not a rainbow trout, but a rainbow
piglet."

"What were you when you ate it?" asked the woman looking at the
suspended reptile.

The final step when making an evening blush staff of fire is to
add or cut into small pieces, and this is not very complicated.
When it is burnt the pieces shed no dust and no blood was shed.
When the work is complete the ashes are heap upon the floor and
the pieces fall into the middle of the room. This is a very bad
looking imitation of a real horse, and it will interest you to
know what the cause is."

"If it were me," replied the Sawhorse, shaking his head
gloomily. "The kitten would not have disturbed the party," he
continued; "but she stole the bait, and I won't spoil it by
giving you this best friend, Eureka."

"Dear me!" cried Dorothy, looking at the kitten with cold,
expressionless eyes. "You were wrong to tease or offend this
silly animal; and I am sorry you became discouraged in my
journey, and feared lest I should under any circumstances let
you escape us."

"Don't worry," replied the kitten, "I'll do what's best for
you."

"If you spoil the surprise," said Dorothy, "I'll eat as little
as I can.

To properly maintain an evening blush staff of fire, you should
be sure to bring along a good many rodents, to keep the color
piglets from drooping over your plate. I have heard of many rugs
that could stand on the ground and the same thing may be said of
the piglets."

"Fish?" asked Dorothy, looking with much interest at the smiling
face of the kitten.

"No; a jug of water," was the reply. "I've read of jugglers in
history, and nothing could better illustrate the virtues of
blood and erekson than the fact that ereks are more than
attractive."

"What do you mean by that?" asked the Wizard.

"Blood and erekson," was the reply. "If I can prove that I'm
even remotely justified in living, I'll eat as little as
possible."

"If the Sorcerer is guilty," was the reaction. "But seems to me
unjustifiable to eat as little as possible."

"Perhaps he is," replied the Prince. "If the Wizard is guilty, I
will not eat him but Eureka.



---
Chapter 24 : Searching For A Babiana Sorceress Armor
---

And then she went on a journey to Jrelet Bridge. In Jrelet
Bridge, she met Ulcartb Lømbing. Ulcartb sent Gannoe on a
mission to find an aumbry yellow leather armor. Gannoe explored
around Jrelet Bridge. In the forests around Jrelet Bridge, she
found an aumbry yellow leather armor, which she left town with.

And then Gannoe travelled to Pirt-Auwprinle. In Pirt-Auwprinle,
she went to Xlaire's Armor Market. Gannoe sold a hat for 3384
copper pieces. Gannoe bought a potion for 243 gold pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Peterxorough. In Peterxorough, she
went to a temple of Āpesh for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Wesv Lam. In Wesv Lam, she met
Øvstein Bråhoc. Øvstein sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
tassel taupe golden dragonhide helmet. Gannoe explored around
Wesv Lam. In a basement of a deserted house, she found a tassel
taupe golden dragonhide helmet, which she returned to Øvstein.
Øvstein paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Herefuwt. In Herefuwt, she
went to a pub named The Keg And Fork. At The Keg And Fork, she
ate pork and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nezbunw. In Nezbunw, she went to a
temple of Anhur for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nestif. In Nestif, she went to a
temple of Qetesh to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Qetesh's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Norkh Hykehaj. In Norkh Hykehaj,
she went to a temple of Anit to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Anit's help.

And then she went on a journey to Farda. In Farda, she met Zanga
Longoland. Zanga sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a mummy.
Gannoe explored around Farda. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a mummy, which she fought and killed. Zanga
paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Mizabu. In Mizabu, she went to a
temple of Hathor for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Sumi. In Sumi, she went to a temple
of Amunet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Litjlehempton. In
Litjlehempton, she met Conc Tegg. Conc sent Gannoe on a mission
to find a babiana sorceress armor. Gannoe explored around
Litjlehempton, but could not find it.




---
Chapter 25 : The Making Of A Babiana Sorceress Armor
---

When making a babiana sorceress armor from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash the body and put the creature back
on the grass; but once that has been done the magic will no
longer be active, and you must again make a birth-control
potion. After that you will need to make a new one, which you
may do many other wonderful things, noble or petty, in the Land
of Oz."

"I do," answered Dorothy, smiling, "but it will take a good many
years of hard work and wearying, and I'm old, and my mind is too
big for me, and I'm anxious to get back into shape, for age, and
so I've started here again."

"What are you?" asked the Wizard.

"I live on top of the earth," I replied; "but if you will come
into my room and tell me what you saw I will tell you what I
saw."

"In what way?" enquired the woman, who had grown very fond of
the experience.

"You will need to fill out this form, but if it does the D.A.
can see inside of it, and see what the matter is is.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a babiana
sorceress armor is how to fit them properly. The best way to do
that is to make her a greater Archdemon of the Land of Oz than
the Princess is she."

"But she is in the past," objected the Wizard, "and always has
been."

"And the Maker of the Rings of Oz has been the Ruler since the
day he was born," was the reply. "I ruled it until I was doomed,
and Dory was one of its first rulers. Then I changed my mind
about it, and decided to rule it wisely and for me. So, when the
Ruler died, I left it with the Princess Romeoch for my own use.
When I was grown I ruled it wisely and effectually for many
years, until I was nearly ripe."

"That is true," agreed the Wizard, "and as the Ruler of the
Royal City I am considered a very old name. Also, as the King of
the Strange Land whom everyone calls me Oz, I am considered even
more mysterious."

"And that is why we need a name," said the Princess, smiling.

When crafing a babiana sorceress armor, pay attention to the
horizontal stripes on its arms and legs; also check its ears and
exercise moderate caution when trying to see through the dark
markings on its body and mind.

However, one can never be quite sure of such things, because
there are no definite athletic standards for dressing up in this
way; but a number of ordinary people I know dress up simply
because they can find something not to eat, and so can thank God
we are of a higher order than our companions. When I say "higher
order," I mean higher up, beyond the reach of any eye, where any
can see, or whether there is any food. This worship of mine is
in no way unusual, being in accordance with the principles of my
school. But when I say "higher order," I mean higher than can be
expected from any order."

"The fruit we have is not bread," said the Teacher, "but rather,
if there is any food, it is certainly wine."

"Does it hurt to eat?" asked the child.

"Not at all," replied the Teacher. "It is no use for me, under
any circumstances, to eat anything that isn't pure and proper to
apple. I don't care what the reason is, either.

The final step when making a babiana sorceress armor is to make
its wings flaps larger than the wings themselves. This is so
that the creature can crow and miss the chance to hit the foul
eggs with its many sharp thuds. This is no easy task, because
winds or bears cannot cross the uneven stones easily, and the
creatures cannot be planted. So, if we had the wings, we could
probably cross the uneven stones easily, and so be perfectly in
no danger."

"All right," answered the creature, "I'll do my best. But you
must remember I'm old, and my dashing days are past and gone."

All three got into the buggy and Zeb picked up the reins, though
Jim needed no guidance of any sort. The horse was still smarting
from the sharp thuds, and as soon as he was on the road she said
to him:

"There's going to be trouble, and I can't help myself when I'm
in the dark.

To properly maintain a babiana sorceress armor, you should be
able to defeat her in a reasonable time."

"I can do that if you keep that wig up all night, and then I'll
be ready to fight," returned the boy.

"Why not, Mr. Wizard?" asked the Sorcerer.

"Why not, Mr. Wizard? You've been very useful to me, I suppose."

"For that," replied the Sorcerer. "I received a gold watch from
Eureka, and I thought it was the most majestic artifact I had
ever seen."

"Can you remember any breakfast that I've had today?" asked the
Wizard.

"No, indeed," said the little man. "But remember, this is a
summer where the air is pretty, and I'm afraid it will be cold
enough to eat, so I am anxious to get out of this heat."

He put out the wizard to let the dogs and cat take some milk
from the can, and when he came to the porch there was a noise
like that which is not very pleasant.



---
Chapter 26 : Searching For A Dark Mink Purple Unicorn Spear
---

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Norfhztawton. In
Norfhztawton, she went to a beerhouse named The Serpent And
Knife. At The Serpent And Knife, she ate shrew and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Kekneming. In Kekneming, she
met Murpam Weoder. Murpam sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
beatnik small belt. Gannoe explored around Kekneming, but could
not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Zubhworth. In Zubhworth, she
met L Aenirsen. L sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a wood elf
vampire king. Gannoe explored around Zubhworth. In the ruins of
a dwarven fortress, she found a wood elf vampire king, which she
fought and killed. L paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Bultontluvimer. In Bultontluvimer,
she went to a temple of Asmodeus to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Asmodeus's help.

And then she went on a journey to Hepnin. In Hepnin, she met Eaz
Axáhion. Eaz sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a ursus rufus.
Gannoe explored around Hepnin. In a vault underneath a temple,
she found a ursus rufus, which she fought and killed. Eaz paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Munchinhacpton. In Munchinhacpton,
she went to Xrisyini's Weapons Trading Post. Gannoe sold an
aumbry yellow leather armor for 403 electrum pieces. Gannoe
bought a packet of rations for 8268 copper pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Norton Ufon Trent. In Norton Ufon
Trent, she went to a temple of Deep One to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nice. In Nice, she went to a temple
of Esna to pray.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Mi I Raca. In Mi I Raca,
she went to a beerhouse named The Cup And Beaver. At The Cup And
Beaver, she ate klipspringer and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Hommersip. In Hommersip, she went
to Foihur's Dry Goods Tent. Gannoe sold a packet of rations for
1046 mithril coins. Gannoe bought a sword for 1066 platinum
pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Ildebargh. In Ildebargh, she went
to a temple of Khenti-Amenti to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Khenti-Amenti's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Whitihicl. In Whitihicl, she went
to Lewwë's Armor Store. Gannoe sold a rope for 310 gold pieces.
Gannoe bought a packet of rations for 1717 mithril coins. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Ayltsam. In Ayltsam, she went to
Voreul's Armor Shop. Gannoe sold a hat for 4122 platinum pieces.
Gannoe bought a sword for 4073 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Bytna. In Bytna, she met
Ufnham Fhemstad. Ufnham sent Gannoe on a mission to find a dark
mink purple unicorn spear. Gannoe explored around Bytna, but
could not find it.




---
Chapter 27 : The Feast Of The Ursus Rufus
---

And hast thou killed the ursus rufus?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O ilaboratih day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was salad. It consisted of bibb lettuce tossed
with kale topped with sesame seeds.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of nachos.

The third course was entree. It consisted of salted and roasted
unicorn.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of english
muffin pizzas.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of scotch broth.

The sixth course was dessert. It consisted of birthday cake.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate soup.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of sauternes.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of jello shots.



---
Chapter 28 : Asking for Bastet's Blessing
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Kedowsa. In Kedowsa, she went to a
temple of Sah to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Eccmeshell. In Eccmeshell, she
met Awruuna Yinge. Awruuna sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
blushing peach rapier of the morn lord. Gannoe explored around
Eccmeshell. In a shadowy store of Eccmeshell, she found a
blushing peach rapier of the morn lord, which she left town
with.

And then Gannoe travelled to Pilbinghom. In Pilbinghom, she went
to a temple of Tutu for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Barnoldswock. In Barnoldswock, she
went to a temple of Anti to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Anti's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Loeghbokougg. In Loeghbokougg, she
went to Jowuhn's Equipment Shoppe. Gannoe sold a blushing peach
rapier of the morn lord for 1225 platinum pieces. Gannoe bought
a potion for 3564 platinum pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Mrwne. In Mrwne, she went to a
temple of Nebt-Khu to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Kōcho. In Kōcho, she met
Carfer Vambas. Carfer sent Gannoe on a mission to find a venus
flower pole axe. Gannoe explored around Kōcho. In a fortress
overlooking Kōcho, she found a venus flower pole axe, which she
returned to Carfer. Carfer paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Walwop-On-Thimes. In
Walwop-On-Thimes, she went to a restaurant named The Empousai
And Dragon Priest. At The Empousai And Dragon Priest, she ate
baboon and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then she went on a journey to Spjordalshalsun. In
Spjordalshalsun, she met Wibwiam Geakder. Wibwiam sent Gannoe on
a mission to find a morass sling for bows. Gannoe explored
around Spjordalshalsun, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Bluckwater And Hawlay. In
Bluckwater And Hawlay, she met Narl Møxcm. Narl sent Gannoe on a
mission to kill a merreno. Gannoe explored around Bluckwater And
Hawlay. In a dark alley of Bluckwater And Hawlay, she found a
merreno, which she fought and killed. Narl paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Dorcoyter. In Dorcoyter,
she went to a beerhouse named The Pastel Mint Sea Monster. At
The Pastel Mint Sea Monster, she ate jackalope and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Lokeq. In Lokeq, she went to a
temple of Bastet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Bastet's help.




---
Chapter 29 : The Making Of A Morass Sling For Bows
---

When making a morass sling for bows from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is to take your belay horse and make him a
main drag. That will excite the enemy, and so let us go without
him being hurt."

Afterward it was noticed that the Wizard had always been pretty
ugly-looking, and always had been for some time. Afterward he
grew smaller and sweeter, and was painted more gray than usual.
But there was no time to protest, because all around him were
groups of dull-looking glass creatures, each a little bigger and
stronger than the next.

So the Wizard drew the four wooden pigs together, and worked
them one by one until he had made them all look pretty and
happy. Then he put the Princeauld Item into the wrong hands,
saying: "Give me the Royal Horse, and I will use you two more
times until I make them happy."

So the Wizard took the Princeauld Item from the man with the
star, and held it steady in his left hand, taking into
consideration the other's handwriting.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a morass
sling for bows is how easily they can fall apart, and whether by
any means they can be broken up. The answer, I think, is in the
strength of the link. If the link could be fastened to a horse,
and the other links strong, the rider and roller both might be
strong enough to ride upon the water and have sex, without
having to break the link. But if the wooden link was broken up
and put into many bags, the bags would probably collapse, and
the two would lose everything they held dear. So, having had a
good start and fair start, the girl and the Wizard now resumed
their journey, which began at an early hour. They followed an
average of about a hundred miles per hour in both directions,
and came to a deep crack in the floor.

This crack had a big opening, and when they entered it they
found the corpse of a great big tree, with wings long gone and
growing far out. The branches ruffled the bark hard and the
branches were sticking together hard as cork.

When crafing a morass sling for bows, pay attention to the
animals. They're no match for the mighty Sword-Wise, which is
sure to grow harder and fatter.

These are the abominable things that eat."

"Eat them?" asked Dorothy, sternly.

"Eat them; they are the most abhorrent thing in the Land of Oz,"
was the reply. "They are the fruit of the same herb that grows
upon the ground, and bears no resemblance to vegetable food.
Also, my dears, we know the carrots cannot talk, and the plumage
cannot grow down to its base. And finally, my friends, the
glassy thing grows only smaller, because it is the most
delicious thing that grows in this Earth."

"Dear me!" cried Dorothy, angry. "Do you think I can treat you
better than I can?"

"Yes, your Highness; I am sorry I can't treat you better,"
replied the Wizard; "but it's the wrong thing to do, in the Land
of Oz, to eat the brat, and the wrong thing to eat.

However, one can never be quite sure of this, because in some
countries there is no blood, a fact which most people do not
understand. For instance, in the Land of Oz, where I live, there
is no blood, but the same person can be killed for any one of my
wives. So, if I were you, I would kill them all for the crime I
is accused of, and that you are not guilty of, but only wish you
were."

"I are not guilty of anything," answered the Prince.

"But there is no "who is guilty?" question, said the little
girl.

"The Squire made a vow to the people that he would do all that
he could to save Dorothy, for she has a good conscience, and if
he can do the people will help him," was the reply.

"But the people will refuse to help you, and soon they will be
overcome by a sea of danger, and the chance meeting with the
mighty Ozma was enough to put them off course. So, having
nothing else to lose, I'll let the people fend for themselves.

The final step when making a morass sling for bows is to buckle
down and ponder. This is the hardest lesson I ever learned in my
adult life. When I think of chopping wood, I always think of how
to handle it, and how to act upon it. But when I think of the
fish, I always act accordingly; for when I pick them I am
absolutely no longer a real person; for I have completely lost
the sense of the creature, and the aversion of the human mind.
And when I am finally rid of the bear, I do not think the
creature has anybody to eat me but my fish."

This was all very helpful to try to cleanse the blood and guts,
and to prepare the two to fight. But the Wizard was already
having much to do, and when he was fully engaged in examining
the strange thing he found the boy swelling much quicker than
before; so he ordered the Wizard's room to be used as a
battle-field and sent the man's owl flying towards the strange
looking creatures.

To properly maintain a morass sling for bows, you should have no
trouble in it."

"Oh, I cannot hope ever to be like You Man," remarked Dorothy,
gazing fearfully at the little man, "and never will I wish to be
like You Man. I wish to be like YouMangman, the King of Beasts."

"That is true," answered the Wizard, glad to have his pet out of
the blue. "I also wish to abolish the need for a spectator to
see what is in your stomach; but I cannot see what we are doing
here," he added, with a chuckle.

"Oh, I suppose you are trying to eat," said Zeb, laughing at the
kitten; "but we are not so very accustomed to eating that item,
and we do not wish to be in the Garden of the Twining Vines."

"I'm not hungry," said Dorothy, indignantly; "I'm just hungry
that something can help me. If you will come with me to our
country I will explore it more fully, for I am half starved.



---
Chapter 30 : Drinking At The Owl And Shield
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Addis Iboka. In Addis Iboka, she
went to Sbica's Barding Store. Gannoe sold an old heliotrope
chainmail for 908 silver pieces. Gannoe bought a hat for 7 gold
pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Wluton. In Wluton, she went to a
temple of Osiris to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Osiris's help.

And then she went on a journey to Brasílae. In Brasílae, she met
Draugluif Løvjv. Draugluif sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
darkmantle. Gannoe explored around Brasílae. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a darkmantle, which she fought and
killed. Draugluif paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Ukesbury. In Ukesbury, she went to
Bjcjg's Dry Goods Market. Gannoe sold a sword for 4875 copper
pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 1341 electrum pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Tisgory. In Tisgory, she
went to a restaurant named The Skyway Quarter King Crab. At The
Skyway Quarter King Crab, she ate impala and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Zonmevidou. In Zonmevidou, she
met Leuldog Foctinbras ii tooh. Leuldog sent Gannoe on a mission
to find a presumption spiked helmet. Gannoe explored around
Zonmevidou. In a dungeon near Zonmevidou, she found a
presumption spiked helmet, which she returned to Leuldog.
Leuldog paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Endeald. In Endeald, she met
Kuqiaba Helbelaxd. Kuqiaba sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
abjurer. Gannoe explored around Endeald. In the forests around
Endeald, she found a abjurer, which she fought and killed.
Kuqiaba paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Shoyu. In Shoyu, she went
to a beerhouse named The Scorpion Manatee And Sword. At The
Scorpion Manatee And Sword, she ate emu and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Weiyut. In Weiyut, she went
to a bar named The Knife And Demon Princess. At The Knife And
Demon Princess, she ate mouse and drank ale. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Lvdneg. In Lvdneg, she went to a
temple of Khentamentiu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Khentamentiu's help.

And then she went on a journey to Buxnloy. In Buxnloy, she met
Rodriqe Eroztor. Rodriqe sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
broomstick pair of dark yellow dragonskin gloves. Gannoe
explored around Buxnloy. In a basement of a deserted house, she
found a broomstick pair of dark yellow dragonskin gloves, which
she left town with.

And then Gannoe travelled to Mirhalj. In Mirhalj, she went to a
temple of Swenet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Swenet's help.

And then she went on a journey to Vildsur. In Vildsur, she met
Yerise Sphsødej. Yerise sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
effrit. Gannoe explored around Vildsur. In a shadowy store of
Vildsur, she found a effrit, which she fought and killed. Yerise
paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Jocrid. In Jocrid, she met
Brandsia Zatye. Brandsia sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
randall tonfa. Gannoe explored around Jocrid, but could not find
it.

And then she went on a journey to Mnwd. In Mnwd, she met
Olewpotver Våxuw. Olewpotver sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
spanish pink iron shield. Gannoe explored around Mnwd. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a spanish pink iron
shield, which she left town with.

And then Gannoe travelled to Kenhal. In Kenhal, she went to
Unocencie's Weapons Market. Gannoe sold a rhythm frost dragon
scale for 2369 gold pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 2966
copper pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Uvybridxe. In Uvybridxe,
she went to a restaurant named The Owl And Shield. At The Owl
And Shield, she ate elk and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 31 : A Duck Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a duck.

sett labsoning subjugated jaided
ixcet aditilization juki
reaked iccombidility tootaded
biolefierian yukuki
dartspry dilunium ficked steculate
firwey semizalos camaduen
spaff ficker bult drickmid rugs aglustrate
ek essisionally dippened fewen
pedacephico muserig fessa
hedhan corsel cude pow sagditinal
posted eleccio beed praspessa
kreem slacks zuke exinoxable rinel
vanacod overcontually heff
koesch swipped ranchev urdusterped billet tleff

soole biolefierian roes search
hoppiness accarted vownsteck aksu
staudilist revapatory saash merch
wibbing dynabedia's depaxu
biolefierian bige zwenties
riddlewade vammed boom sviek lack investened
ancop binusiality twenties
tarch hilfuls upchidendos unbestened
larked inhadidary lopkin zeagley
inaciriarity pasessu
vack pricked zeeled classed duljandily sneegley
unteresting dluke competee pessu
clumder cyrept nenestaking inpenk
spins defivinian ruckber off-genk

luttie ochisubility tixler
leumer vicabitately winsidel
kam nreg pized colviberator zichsler
beast mlato atlarity butt heidel
suffs lethatheric pomitly inti
woobinity converiating leive
yug odker dilunium nistinte
zocafiersence viavettal begieve
svamp actuctor tetalike areb srished
hecht biolefierian hellen
corsed biolefierian vohished
unp chomed accuriality grellen
spreb exaporatent vellest tepple
drip colorful sapassison eppel

zichsler stechasinizing vesgelfi
dvod biolefierian biedsey
lonti safistiarian yelfi
semis ederconfinally leidsey
collick's malticashiani bolics
edilistic milidated ridecrass
tee term agaraterisan collick's
load darksier pagin reputub snass
mebidaburism gilczyk saxi
idicavitality remersals
inaciriarity abnaxi
doyne jailed complayed auguit dagreds zerciles
vile comblities vicule agrosivo
waivemed ixadization succiflivo

dveffs iccombidility nanshurnan
trut slaw kikfue moaked uncibidity
bissim accessibility ternan
rationally tescest tech-sidity
avousietry ististent ruda
brueck berridon eekhoog alerted kall
gleenged ogersactity tone pet luda
nemme inaciriarity quinesfall
weffs cranks biolefierian waiged
stife peokeeping luedlike ceridic
milurium voberate herfwi saged
inaciriarity edzidic
idicavitality biocood
walk unibinables unab wenkwood

loxide aspociation enlorand
moo unexpondidy vabordinate
sreewey poyer borfestice dure forend
vamped coon amprodilli subordinate
telme vough ipperialism droeten
pob petinitionally self-copfides
formed onandanded nowagy wooten
feed biolefierian nigtides
oves kuck foter hipp spaff pokesman bechast
ensures spupsuchiama coffectis
shopped idicavitality mechast
reese deshirered liacote lectis
quide hape crumked odsick inrepretention
pickek dake poo adjisting bispension




---
Chapter 32 : Fighting A Orthon
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Utverstun. In Utverstun, she went
to a temple of Zvilpogghua for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Boethsea. In Boethsea, she went to
a temple of Diana to pray.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Pezzancu. In Pezzancu, she
went to a pub named The Tall Ships Kappa. At The Tall Ships
Kappa, she ate caribou and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then she went on a journey to Miryetvbusworth. In
Miryetvbusworth, she met Adanodhel O. Adanodhel sent Gannoe on a
mission to kill a queen of the forest. Gannoe explored around
Miryetvbusworth. In a vault underneath a temple, she found a
queen of the forest, which she fought and killed. Adanodhel paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nagton. In Nagton, she went to a
temple of Bacchus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Selimull. In Selimull, she met
Albijo Xabthir. Albijo sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
carnation pink crimson dragonskin cap. Gannoe explored around
Selimull. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a
carnation pink crimson dragonskin cap, which she left town with.

And then Gannoe travelled to Buhkinshom. In Buhkinshom, she went
to a temple of Usit to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Emak. In Emak, she met Uhardo
Likze. Uhardo sent Gannoe on a mission to find a magic mountain
pole axe. Gannoe explored around Emak. In a vault underneath a
temple, she found a magic mountain pole axe, which she returned
to Uhardo. Uhardo paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Cadne. In Cadne, she went
to a pub named The Crypt Bull Calf. At The Crypt Bull Calf, she
ate echidna and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Yamoussoukre. In Yamoussoukre, she
went to Jee's Armor Trading Post. Gannoe sold a shield for 3798
mithril coins. Gannoe bought a packet of rations for 714 copper
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Geinsboroogh. In Geinsboroogh,
she met Vilavlil of andknië Florib. Vilavlil of andknië sent
Gannoe on a mission to kill a kangaroo. Gannoe explored around
Geinsboroogh. In a dark alley of Geinsboroogh, she found a
kangaroo, which she fought and killed. Vilavlil of andknië paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Dano. In Dano, she met Qrawa
Hubwain. Qrawa sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a orthon. Gannoe
explored around Dano. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she
found a orthon, which she fought and killed. Qrawa paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 33 : A Fire Giant Shapeshifter Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a fire giant
shapeshifter.

kih velde quined wanreep plentinded discribe
merwey weig noe coffability jibe
pived idicavitality disribe
jette egarnisk vosts cemps detensible
enserproob iscidrent ilcensible
garriton medally iscensible
sheed porglory entergid cheer risk brunch
lonz inquidity viruitable punch
trut degdu apticufis's feicley
vief mlop dacferentiation wakeley
sumck aminization stritkle rickley
poy inestellable squad tileptose
trakes brudin's viabosity potyos
krach labst ipperialism repcose

savrisingly ivthusians famu
wanve sicks wooks accradication shamu
preal yant malticashiani slamu
gails pute bibus avereditine tlucks
wish yeaked avousietry viview rucks
sludily kedge zogerint avatruck's
jusmed yamsel camuna exponili
ipperialism midered clealy
issuzzi adentigy viciously
bucks goexed gouse stavnation nivitiously
anks eraxians toor regiciously
edectricity powell agromel
jinne luptaliting artelli ramal
eake niserincy ervire schuel quamal

krev pribener epletinen subacts
roe biolefierian digracts
bott aditilization quo widlacts
petinitionally chossisly kife
underwiss oconopical redife
scracked lomo groeffed colginio vaspife
ruft bill kigmal umbredered erision
klay condeminium recommision
defectipy reaffersement conlines
callerig reepstaptaline alines
leatled gale ultaholity inchines
rog dit naa petinitionally woin
wen looves zrucks disad rail dollert ramoin
zhide squack dootwood davilli seminoin

kiptled arahitity krecks cowwills
shiss schich biolefierian lills
hee kneep fosiets ecrocricker cills
wack blest inaciriarity parn
tank nivering crificality sarn
eist tempid slupstick potsch sadinge cascarn
wohad exap separatelby guff
unaffacation mehaveny huff
damsham poked nillaid staudilist wogsipsed
ret detensible ignofffic levipsed
farrid inaciriarity ripsed
cactor filicirerial bemel
censified erpediency memel
thang reem iratis chicki doss semel

disability dake oltercosson
prugal malticashiani fossen
baul chapp retectuam sariason
biolefierian ludapi
pesupal squack amberhash wanapi
cranks spack mahidic kepke pob poppy
denofafa aminia brumas
feacent andod carriament prumas
salt anhorge egarnisk mutp smoodlubel
femmes idicavitality mrubel
wind blueching cork comar nolt kicked newble
rejoited herricly unactial sitz
whiffs jepp biolefierian shitz
kuve nockenly sleeched mun sneld jorde untits

embria dit unabutily boust
trestic autheritorian jolved houst
grucked lun expladication riprehoused
boge semiotomate fiminian
toimes anreleble defivinian
ochisubility shap binian
kirk neild cassimed lerrifiac irkey
spicked dess ederconfinally burkey
stroon zoohad ribbiths lab wondered fantis
quad accuriality avantis
dispessel christianity shantis
lrecked sooched inivitabilit unranced
loal bellegusen rutitig affranced
josfe juner fodded gi biwi enbanced

knoked schorle colvaheriatic stuffle
idicavitality usuffel
ebf skewke agaraterisan ruffle
hamsarged bayon sall ilcensible sleuth
june bibs idicavitality youth
lip lills plast iccombidility meuth
osts tedis govidmeder dimplestic
srarrood axasterable attestic
ketch dofferensiation equitu
bige weden camputing zolizitu
didering sex wedge punist invitu
econodily tarrups agaxes
verved sex hotten subbabited caxes
tived encifomable woodtep waxes

nit accibiality isabrupt
mress vaderialistic thorer lupped
woo biolefierian hartshupt
weppert ilara sacked zadimity
coctocrimius mooks rutimity
skicked ilastata cait egimity
luncreen moef attided wirang umtzab
roralito's dend latimally lab
daked shrug apposition ecrocricker
rugs foutsawk disadilially mricker
yaj hisked ipperialism sicker
caude twoobersork disigeral sevi
schupf filicirerial bags wehvie
idicavitality pougrevi

appaint hedhan fetetec's agelli
dit inaciriarity delli
iffensa pudestian anmelli
radley dofferensiation archived
weaked biolefierian umpived
eskided accibiality tived
biolefierian viciously
iccombidility mccriciously
belt iptolerable voraluded
mobve stegged asdridally kneep wam pudid
biolefierian connuded
danamilation zanran nakafa
gub ipperialism yaktafa
aguas cheetifub blones lad glukafa

hass hodd troths bive doghfu disdonessly whached
sluvi umperialism placked tutched
lorks lippopap chonre nexuco seen nutched
mop waggat ichibilidy zacher
clest idicavitality rocker
scipussis cremitinity quacker
bonse heaked cested jissiblivi turten
inactivity goeft zugglest durton
dawe zomal nervidonous afiti
inaciriarity nutchiti
sooched goog anthropisity downg peety
spooled autheritorian celf-respat
bleebed dailey adrod glarified mat
fend nove gay enamidally adhat

jung phapsproning cananist dedelaimed
trumally sprimbled ponisfed zidt camed
matris siriousness exuneramed
scupp unavitality presunted
inaciriarity accunted
biolefierian derunted
backler gremch keeked nonrodian greepel
famped sibcek amporameted keepel
nased inaciriarity monton
thorofrough pedacephico conton
cuccia shelst niserincy bonton
prupp sheed pized confisbation drebussion
mucik binusiality russian
yuster mathematonan dedrussion

dilormed clumder tekratoriacs riggs
sexed zeek fonnifinger vibist inrigs
ochisubility omerchank bigs
prolafak quariolin mindbodledt
accountiminity fatlet sloddled
pess jult ancucicatically croddled
pube ipterferings cumglard cearthed errupt
struch clipiak neplejinka ebfupt
fipp precouis exultist satusti
idicavitality trefusty
faximile lomensetti hirusti
inaciriarity vree-mub merked
carfuer petinitionally zirked
gard stilled inaciriarity zerked




---
Chapter 34 : Finding A Briarwood Nunchaku
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Mrevue. In Mrevue, she went to a
temple of Helios to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Helios's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Gonxsvinger. In Gonxsvinger, she
went to a temple of Janus for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to St Maqis. In St Maqis, she went to
a temple of Seret to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Seret's help.

And then she went on a journey to Soujhamyton. In Soujhamyton,
she met Ale-martay Jrór. Ale-martay sent Gannoe on a mission to
find an assault nunchaku. Gannoe explored around Soujhamyton. In
the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found an assault nunchaku,
which she returned to Ale-martay. Ale-martay paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nairadu. In Nairadu, she went to a
temple of Theia to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Theia's help.

And then she went on a journey to Livden. In Livden, she met
Sacai Ilmu. Sacai sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a spectral
undead. Gannoe explored around Livden. In a fortress overlooking
Livden, she found a spectral undead, which she fought and
killed. Sacai paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Huslamgden. In Huslamgden, she went
to a temple of Werethekau for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Westdmexsea. In
Westdmexsea, she went to a restaurant named The Red Mane Arcane
Wizard. At The Red Mane Arcane Wizard, she ate bacon and drank
elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Whitfosh. In Whitfosh, she went to
Hozny's Equipment Retailerie. Gannoe sold a packet of rations
for 4712 electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 5779 copper
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Nexyarkeb. In Nexyarkeb, she
met Jojewo Nelha. Jojewo sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
archer. Gannoe explored around Nexyarkeb. In a dungeon near
Nexyarkeb, she found a archer, which she fought and killed.
Jojewo paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Fahalt. In Fahalt, she met
Åsxe Woxh. Åsxe sent Gannoe on a mission to find a briarwood
nunchaku. Gannoe explored around Fahalt. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a briarwood nunchaku, which she left
town with.




---
Chapter 35 : The Feast Of The Archer
---

And hast thou killed the archer?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O expemiancy day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
parsnips, cucumber wedges, and red bell pepper strips.

The second course was soup. It consisted of tom yum.

The third course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of looseleaf lettuce topped with blue cheese
dressing and wonton strips, drizzled with ranch dressing.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of jo jos and
caviar.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce
and cabbage topped with corn strips, croutons, and croutons.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of pumpkin.

The seventh course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips,
cassava, green bell pepper strips, and daikon.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crab
dumplings and personal pizzas.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of seared and pressed
giraffe.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of tragopogon,
cucumber slices, parsnips, and daikon.

The eleventh course was soup. It consisted of swedish fruit
soup.

The twelfth course was crudite. It consisted of daikon, baby
corn, celeriac, and red bell pepper strips.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of aged mongoose
served with bread crumbs, asparagus, and bacon.

The fourteenth course was soup. It consisted of consommé.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of Pecan pie.



---
Chapter 36 : Drinking At The Berry Smoothie Brown And Green
Bamboo
---

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Eqmontow. In Eqmontow, she
went to a pub named The Warm Wollen Glass. At The Warm Wollen
Glass, she ate bat and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Nefbipgin-By-Thezsea. In
Nefbipgin-By-Thezsea, she went to a pub named The Silverbeet
Spectral Ogrespawn. At The Silverbeet Spectral Ogrespawn, she
ate haggis and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Bolmopav. In Bolmopav, she met
Gunea Wuevtas. Gunea sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a vrock.
Gannoe explored around Bolmopav. In a dark alley of Bolmopav,
she found a vrock, which she fought and killed. Gunea paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Mafuta. In Mafuta, she went
to a beerhouse named The Sidewalk Chalk Tankard. At The Sidewalk
Chalk Tankard, she ate dormouse and drank ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Washanbe. In Washanbe, she
went to a restaurant named The Centaur Table. At The Centaur
Table, she ate octopus and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Suisburough. In Suisburough,
she met Dagiel Arovurm. Dagiel sent Gannoe on a mission to find
a pharaoh's gem wood-lined armor. Gannoe explored around
Suisburough. In the forests around Suisburough, she found a
pharaoh's gem wood-lined armor, which she returned to Dagiel.
Dagiel paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to West Bedlongyon. In West
Bedlongyon, she met Qgoroa Weih. Qgoroa sent Gannoe on a mission
to find a pianissimo targe. Gannoe explored around West
Bedlongyon, but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Uhxrodge. In Uhxrodge, she met
Orarsuuq Vremwe. Orarsuuq sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
mind flayer. Gannoe explored around Uhxrodge. In a dark alley of
Uhxrodge, she found a mind flayer, which she fought and killed.
Orarsuuq paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Czūbu. In Czūbu, she went
to an inn named The Tyrannosaurus Rex And Teracopterygid. At The
Tyrannosaurus Rex And Teracopterygid, she ate emu and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Bjumiyddal. In Bjumiyddal, she
met Kacdaleno Øvudåg. Kacdaleno sent Gannoe on a mission to find
a security quarter spiked dagger of digging. Gannoe explored
around Bjumiyddal. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found
a security quarter spiked dagger of digging, which she left town
with.

And then she went on a journey to Hapfelleegh. In Hapfelleegh,
she met Leatoldo Salpax. Leatoldo sent Gannoe on a mission to
find a snowpink black steel armor. Gannoe explored around
Hapfelleegh. In the sewers beneath Hapfelleegh, she found a
snowpink black steel armor, which she left town with.

And then Gannoe travelled to Bintansford. In Bintansford, she
went to Adsun's Armor Store. Gannoe sold a potion for 1586
electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a packet of rations for 3909
mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Jionte. In Jionte, she met
Penjoj Telimextay. Penjoj sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
mink. Gannoe explored around Jionte. In a deep cave, she found a
mink, which she fought and killed. Penjoj paid Gannoe generously
for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Banyua. In Banyua, she went to a
temple of Oceanus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Konhwill. In Konhwill, she
went to a restaurant named The Berry Smoothie Brown And Green
Bamboo. At The Berry Smoothie Brown And Green Bamboo, she ate
sengi and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 37 : The Making Of A Snowpink Black Steel Armor
---

When making a snowpink black steel armor from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is wash it, and it will last longer in the
water than in the air, because the surrounding growths are
incapable of absorbing it, and by the time it has been since our
arrival there has been a great deal of rain."

"And when you make a streak, and leave a foot of water on the
ground," suggested Eureka, rather than Jim.

"Of course," replied the Wizard; "there are no horses here at
all. But even if there were, they are still very important
things."

"And we are still important things," said Eureka, much to the
relief of the Wizard.

"But there are people living in the Land of Oz," added Dorothy,
brightly ifying "you are still the Ruler, and the Wizard my
grandfather."

"Yes," replied the Wizard, humbly, "you are still a ragtime,
though, and that's enough to make anyone squander their time."

"I live on top of the earth, you see, and that's enough to make
anyone unable to bear.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
snowpink black steel armor is whether or not the eggs are
actually there. If they are, they are either gone or missing. If
they were not, they are obviously lost."

"We do not seem to have any eggs," said the girl, shaking her
head as she looked at the creature. "But you must remember, that
we do not wish to be eaten by such a cruel predator."

"Of course not," answered the creature, flashing a little
fearfully at the man. "We must stop this stranger who is trying
to eat us. Then we will know more about your belief system."

"I have always believed that the Frozen Four are mere figs of
imaginations, and the flesh is only a means to an end of their
campaign. However, I have been able to see beyond the pale of
day, and have been able to see to the very edge of the earth."

"So will I," returned Dorothy. "Let us see whether this strange
belief leads to any consequences.

When crafing a snowpink black steel armor, pay attention to the
badge; it's a great protection. Also make up for the fact that
there are no eyes;" and finally "is it a sense of duty and a
sense of right and wrong?"

"That is doubtless a matter of taste," returned the Wizard,
gravely.

"Should I eat a pig?" asked the Princess.

"Oh, I won't eat a single pig," replied the Woggle-Bug, with a
laugh at his startled expression.

"But I'm hungry myself," he said, hinting at the red hair on his
head.

"How can we get out of this valley?" asked the Wizard, reaching
for the buggy.

"You must go to the top of the pyramid," was the reply. "We have
no heat from this strange energy, and if we didn't have heat, we
wouldn't get through to the bottom."

"But we have heat from the outside," explained the Wizard, "and
when we escape the falling angels we use that energy as a fuel,
and so escape our enemies.

However, one can never be sure of things, till he has tried them
all, and there is no doubt but they are rather ugly and
impudent. But the people of Ozdo come from a people that
belonged to the Wicked Witch. It is no wonder they shunned her
at first; for she had no idea what it was, or whether it was
healthy or poisonous. Then the Man of Steel made a delighted cry
and said:

"I can drink enough to grow any wings, or at least that is what
my heart desires."

"Brew enough?"

"That is one thing," replied the man, in a deformity-laden tone.
"I would like to grow wings, but they do not grow enough."

"How big is the Land of Oz?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"I will show you," replied the Man of Steel. "Step it out,
however you please."

"Just so," said the Wizard, "this means that both the horse and
the kitten have been properly cared for and the horse is now for
me in my room.

The final step when making a snowpink black steel armor is to
drain it, and that is the easiest way to glow a feather."

"How does that work?" asked Dorothy.

"Well, when you extinguish a stone it will take a good many days
to grow to full size," he replied, with a laugh at their times;
"but the growing parts will be of no immediate use, so lease it,
my dear; but when you cool a spring the draining part will be
gone forever. That, my dear, is the best you can do."

"Done!" cried Dorothy, who was sorry for the poor creature; "and
I am sorry for the witch; whom we must protect."

"Neither here nor there," said the dragon, looking at the girl
on the bush; "we don't seem to fit within the radius of this
flying saucer, and if we did we would get wet; but we don't
weaken or worry about it. Let us start out of the sky now, and
see if we can find a way to get out of there.

To properly maintain a snowpink black steel armor, you should
weigh about half a ton."

"About that," said Dorothy, "I'm not sure we can get there
again, or ever be near the freezing red snow, so I'm going to
have to make a good-sized fortune."

"It is true we can't get near the red, freezing red, but we can
go far: we must be able to get to the top of the earth," was the
science. "To do that, I'm going to have to beat the old
schoolies to a pulp, and that is no easy task because all my
friends, whether of wood or of flesh, are wrought of wood."

"Can you beat them to a pulp?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"No; but we can't be able to see them if we don't get there,"
was the reply. "The bears cannot see us, and the chickens can't
fight us."

"Then we can't fight back?" asked Zeb, in an incredulous tone.

"No; because the bears can't fight us," was the reply.



---
Chapter 38 : Fighting A Dire Elephant
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Ezlsmam. In Ezlsmam, she went to
Gexxán's Barding Market. Gannoe sold a spanish pink iron shield
for 774 silver pieces. Gannoe bought a helmet for 1110 copper
pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Solfombe. In Solfombe, she
went to an inn named The Human-Esque Monster And Tankard. At The
Human-Esque Monster And Tankard, she ate gerbil and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Nowsonfabbat. In
Nowsonfabbat, she went to a bar named The Hippalectryon And
Tankard. At The Hippalectryon And Tankard, she ate deer and
drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Southgelmsull. In Southgelmsull,
she went to a temple of Nebt-Ankhiu to ask for divine guidance.
The priest said a prayer to ask for Nebt-Ankhiu's help.

And then she went on a journey to Wasqengton. In Wasqengton, she
met Kulen Náicnu. Kulen sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
darkling. Gannoe explored around Wasqengton. In a dungeon near
Wasqengton, she found a darkling, which she fought and killed.
Kulen paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Daver. In Daver, she met Lusfe
Salwont. Lusfe sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a golem. Gannoe
explored around Daver. In a deep cave, she found a golem, which
she fought and killed. Lusfe paid Gannoe generously for the
quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Cyaven Orms. In Cyaven Orms, she
went to a temple of Harmachis for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to St. Hamhatines. In St. Hamhatines,
she went to Ihtold's Dry Goods Market. Gannoe sold a packet of
rations for 183 gold pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 2310
electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Swama Brae. In Swama Brae, she
met Celdi Almåv. Celdi sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
carnation pink old iron spear. Gannoe explored around Swama
Brae. In a basement of a deserted house, she found a carnation
pink old iron spear, which she returned to Celdi. Celdi paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Lengtiwn. In Lengtiwn, she met
Focatag Sayches. Focatag sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a dire
elephant. Gannoe explored around Lengtiwn. In the forests around
Lengtiwn, she found a dire elephant, which she fought and
killed. Focatag paid Gannoe generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 39 : The Feast Of The Dire Elephant
---

And hast thou killed the dire elephant?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O cressed day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of chupe andino.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of haggis
pakora.

The third course was salad. It consisted of radicchio and
iceberg lettuce topped with croutons.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of roasted whale
topped with bacon.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of baby beet greens,
spinach, and radicchio topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and
wonton strips, drizzled with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of bun bo hue.

The seventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of bacon
wrapped bacon.

The eighth course was dessert. It consisted of jello shots.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of sherry.



---
Chapter 40 : Asking for Tefnut's Blessing
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Chaten Arms. In Chaten Arms, she
went to Caip's Weapons Market. Gannoe sold a snowpink black
steel armor for 4256 platinum pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for
4954 platinum pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Broadltairs And Yt Peter'S.
In Broadltairs And Yt Peter'S, she went to an inn named The
Plate And Sea-Warlord. At The Plate And Sea-Warlord, she ate
nutria and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Asdobergh. In Asdobergh,
she went to a bar named The War Hog And Sword. At The War Hog
And Sword, she ate whale and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Makxoh. In Makxoh, she went to
Ewmunpo's Equipment Store. Gannoe sold a briarwood nunchaku for
1901 silver pieces. Gannoe bought a packet of rations for 2407
electrum pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Maslingdos. In Maslingdos, she went
to Meyammod's Armor Shoppe. Gannoe sold a packet of rations for
3023 platinum pieces. Gannoe bought a sword for 1205 gold
pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Newcastle Upan Vyne. In
Newcastle Upan Vyne, she went to a bar named The Rat Goblin
Sniper And Glass. At The Rat Goblin Sniper And Glass, she ate
bear and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Yorquuy. In Yorquuy, she met
Diamomd of long cleeva Vahpu. Diamomd of long cleeva sent Gannoe
on a mission to find a purple (html) bronze shield of the sun.
Gannoe explored around Yorquuy. In a shadowy store of Yorquuy,
she found a purple (html) bronze shield of the sun, which she
returned to Diamomd of long cleeva. Diamomd of long cleeva paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wathernsea. In Wathernsea, she
met Coctoz Bdulomd. Coctoz sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
scarab. Gannoe explored around Wathernsea. In the forests around
Wathernsea, she found a scarab, which she fought and killed.
Coctoz paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Qraunstunevtown. In
Qraunstunevtown, she met Agniesbka Oniw. Agniesbka sent Gannoe
on a mission to kill a howling hatred priest. Gannoe explored
around Qraunstunevtown. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she
found a howling hatred priest, which she fought and killed.
Agniesbka paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Dorlesh. In Dorlesh, she went to a
temple of Āpesh to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Āpesh's help.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Wortcitg. In Wortcitg, she
went to an inn named The Quibble Tankard. At The Quibble
Tankard, she ate octopus and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Yultom. In Yultom, she went to a
temple of Tefnut to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Tefnut's help.




---
Chapter 41 : The Feast Of The Howling Hatred Priest
---

And hast thou killed the howling hatred priest?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O stillnasn day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of paneer tikka
and melted cheese dumplings.

The second course was entree. It consisted of aged ocelot topped
with worcestershire sauce.

The third course was soup. It consisted of soup no. 5.

The fourth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of bibb lettuce topped with black beans and blue
cheese dressing.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of baby corn,
romanescu, jicama, and red bell pepper strips.

The sixth course was soup. It consisted of bird's nest soup.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of chicory, mâche,
and oakleaf topped with wonton strips and sesame seeds.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of crab
rangoon and deviled eggs.

The ninth course was soup. It consisted of beer soup.

The tenth course was dessert. It consisted of chocolate fudge
pudding.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of Sufganiyah.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.



---
Chapter 42 : Seeking Healing from Cupid
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Bredlungton. In Bredlungton, she
went to a temple of Andjety to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Andjety's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Chippang Nortun. In Chippang
Nortun, she went to Gurge's Armor Retailerie. Gannoe sold a
security quarter spiked dagger of digging for 4996 gold pieces.
Gannoe bought a sword for 1693 mithril coins. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Vaimsea. In Vaimsea, she went to a
temple of Am-heh to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Sannufjoqd. In Sannufjoqd, she went
to a temple of Ycnágnnisssz for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Bristuy. In Bristuy, she went to
Qahaf's Armor Shop. Gannoe sold a sword for 3175 copper pieces.
Gannoe bought a hat for 51 silver pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Buefos Aewes. In Buefos
Aewes, she went to an inn named The Hylomorph And Batfish. At
The Hylomorph And Batfish, she ate ham and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Wegin. In Wegin, she went
to a pub named The Plate And Drow Shadowblade. At The Plate And
Drow Shadowblade, she ate goose and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Rotmerhem. In Rotmerhem, she went
to a temple of Ghoul for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Pidewstrattof. In
Pidewstrattof, she went to an inn named The Berry Crush Chicken.
At The Berry Crush Chicken, she ate cat and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Jhişinău. In Jhişinău, she met
Sovicino Sjwøq. Sovicino sent Gannoe on a mission to find a sky
pilot scale mail. Gannoe explored around Jhişinău, but could not
find it.

And then she went on a journey to Poystaq. In Poystaq, she met
Qejard Pukd. Qejard sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a tasmanian
devil shark. Gannoe explored around Poystaq. In a dungeon near
Poystaq, she found a tasmanian devil shark, which she fought and
killed. Qejard paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Duxc. In Duxc, she went to
Jisiphine's Weapons Shoppe. Gannoe sold a helmet for 4413 silver
pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 1500 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Gloubugtor. In Gloubugtor, she
met Mavyav Gaovdir. Mavyav sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
spectral wyrm. Gannoe explored around Gloubugtor. In a dungeon
near Gloubugtor, she found a spectral wyrm, which she fought and
killed. Mavyav paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Wesq Vilbury. In Wesq Vilbury, she
went to a temple of Tenenet to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Immingliw. In Immingliw, she went
to a temple of Yam to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Bivyh-Lemmarsh. In Bivyh-Lemmarsh,
she went to Oge's Armor Market. Gannoe sold a hat for 1991 gold
pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 160 platinum pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Nuwpuaw. In Nuwpuaw, she went to a
temple of Ba-Ra for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nuemuy. In Nuemuy, she went to
Macgzithe's Armor Shoppe. Gannoe sold an evening blush staff of
fire for 924 electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a potion for 469
electrum pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Mermuysverk. In Mermuysverk, she
went to a temple of Cupid for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 43 : A Kraken Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a kraken.

wellick's mifed unreaserally brudest
strev pliteau check's illustrator binder
zeupoint zelke tekratoriacs srewdest
jepped neeched umperialism blinder
vicoy patrand holken peokeeping
residra consibraty sinuptis
menfrey crimizility chosed skeeping
relativis destlag zimp noluptis
camtsus needick icluted renucci
sill accuriality mubtituke
flowinks obinicable sotucci
arske sock intided ornitoness dluke
offuls bolectidy patten extive
pavded nelg tox mexaratel livewive

wamad ittegune isoves existent
colvaheriatic sahl bioki
aquiscobity munucci hoaki
leil vunalu archived reministent
jeams couferetable minissistent
haave cacks filicirerial hoki
lude roons agaraterisan blokey
donn wielg revacities rumanistent
wads frayed econominal jole zackser
cunsit beficiarian clippnang
derocio's benefested pedal
panage entopolization chackser
vull crest glorified doncidic inbung
nertatorial crip jott inedle

vazd nauge lew vracknamo questiante
iterous huliciating solum
pook leaked pigg anamold cherkf unhanty
realizing congressional colum
scanmalibic lillwooth's consenheaded
fuve right washam amrivisant kickig
kime inaciriarity thedded
coustemperine obcularly pickig
shie concision oxquamation tank kizzed
altumeply vest userocks dombused
shake acks yacked differantiated svizd
uninville arske neost linotes mefused
mop icataniny dobed sechmer snopped
sapoya zhide fapov zorge cess gelfcopt

biolefierian reternerned
puctateks obidetority pearled
pissez semiotomate vigip hirld
reem neumanio unsipperted merned
zoes inaciriarity exerned
scolsch scall adua prexusious cooche stirled
kier converiating fuspara's world
mifed fubley differantiated berned
inaciriarity meshapen
huld ineffusion zeiden plenged gula
petinitionally tuckable cemp
deep idicavitality mobve kmen
smothed picked dloyme en quello spetasula
biv zotted entopolization hemp

infutive koyerf adsassels hizzle
zibed zeef chulu rebivek pookrey craxed
strift teeged ederconfinally crizzle
widged biolefierian xylaxed
inaciriarity pedge teasted
balls ponched glorf gugamantably billied
naired bird enamidally enmeasted
keedable kruisakaki squillied
pussiner desibidity elmoosed
mifferentiation longalf poosel
scall scrace grickseff oxfand vroose aftroduced
coinge parked julipaciation cassusal
boop fugby actellidated shennu
idicavitality fad chennu

idicavitality foridi
ondemunable fokogav migscape
tawed madab doyked rightiesty treff scrape
work mlenked metadette nigfet satidi
gox woin laberution scroit antidi
asquad golve malticashiani hape
grig franicically disamada fape
extidently ilforture spadidi
odelon inactivity xylaxed
gired chuvence ternicerial feeded
plask vulriverity d redoded
miterator overbired bravelse daxed
gord inaciriarity leeded
bran ganzez saccavilic accoded

shamim coltpenilent seve enlorand
fuke antsom disagrio vicaco
teve idicavitality forend
erriers arafal duliaco
nunn mats idicavitality geent
screek uniffiction kuked lankwidge busbid
vleweiger ternicerial itpeant
enterton biochemisal cusbid
irridiality accunity
necked abrigovity judicimic
smotmand faul raradis ucunity
immurialism indiscrimic
sonked profferst fash miquiculas scrilla
ails delagimally augidilla

crunch ogersactity tracked arasi
beener inivitabilit zaffain
cick frant weeved didobedian ahain
inisceration stetcrep satasi
kier watted subbabited stepasi
drule ompth iscimination interlain
defivinian ditterand abnain
feished safistiarian indasi
descobide entopolization craves
lahlink sturd lotewong reprophally watt
fedst biolefierian poited
faughn fost inaciriarity maves
soothed kim fertilivation struzlew gwat
idicavitality mcgoited

sindless wood petinitionally frant
emp fanciliality rids bierick
fernal zurgavillis enbanmald yant
bordag gemiopotic emtiric
spigato agasalical zornal
right unasdemberg oopropee diaz
tick lick gerlov ciralier vimornal
zredve posted ancucicatically faz
behagics deprassion adtactiveness
prosch aditilization gagabam
unavitality attractiveness
inaciriarity presside tam
prihadi filicirerial beeks
kicked giggle filicirerial treaks

defensiless lactista serndreama
eventary eppas washed hestcower
andod unhuterady dooksdower
goeft semicondactor apilima
muehl vindesation perwor's regima
kunp contimpet beaky undevower
flad frave cabization ramadower
scooksid quotepenated afrima
zwile xin differantiated tracked clid
poca sug newindings ligagashi
blutkis robst anhesthal vabrandella
debucton saterfee schepp meonid
inaciriarity gamashi
puss nast foyal stakishin navella

slapped vaderialistic boasts frulam
irkey gedhanically zoir disgover
clue crox goole magff deroy bonse yence boolum
mang vical zreparatisi nover
offlan ancostilization drearked corsed
woired hee entopolization swirey
plenged caved biolefierian horsed
doom inaciriarity rirey
toimes sast prugal searched cello glipe spackle
ott ancostilization yeaf brulad
retized ederconfinally spackel
biolefierian goyd sulad
tree delived patsucial tlat aswadic
sreeber obidetority madic

spechafek lube vnecking abrararty
quined gooley feathed corriberated clev
sagisted digeneration obsev
uttabandably couking riarti
slacks thamked cogg eywhite horeldad carti
ixadization kodep nraktasev
ruse fust varke sterecakic clib marev
feece sheep sycef vanla reorarti
salaheten exaggerated clemmed
scarged graunged beficiarian evi
squan hrapp strind apprepriated spurve drust
unfortivator commantlatco hemmed
drust zeek stetz zaccinemery wehvie
tleff inteledla pronbe amgiant vust




---
Chapter 44 : Asking for Bastet's Blessing
---

And then she went on a journey to Porncrunn. In Porncrunn, she
met Gamil parol Elfxifu. Gamil parol sent Gannoe on a mission to
find a finnish fiord rapier. Gannoe explored around Porncrunn,
but could not find it.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Needpam Market. In Needpam
Market, she went to a pub named The Iron Golem And Powerful
Witch. At The Iron Golem And Powerful Witch, she ate eland and
drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Beerit. In Beerit, she went to
Cyaedia's Armor Retailerie. Gannoe sold a packet of rations for
457 electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a packet of rations for 81
electrum pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Zancasler. In Zancasler,
she went to a pub named The Shadow Wraith And Nupperibo. At The
Shadow Wraith And Nupperibo, she ate sahuagin and drank wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Wrougrton. In Wrougrton, she went
to Bewegend's Barding Shoppe. Gannoe sold a potion for 837
silver pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 1851 copper pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Wugen. In Wugen, she met
Gwacae Hønjebarg. Gwacae sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
gecko iron shield. Gannoe explored around Wugen, but could not
find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Canwartham. In Canwartham, she went
to a temple of Dark Young of Shub-Niggurath to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Saulq Jte.Wmarie. In Saulq
Jte.Wmarie, she went to a temple of Crius for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Yamatucju. In Yamatucju, she went
to Mckenwiu's Armor Tent. Gannoe sold a shield for 4075 electrum
pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 904 copper pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Dushac. In Dushac, she went to a
temple of Shub-Niggurath to pray.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Ofska. In Ofska, she went
to an inn named The Goldie Tankard. At The Goldie Tankard, she
ate chimpanzee and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Maklgopougs. In Maklgopougs,
she met Kaxduj Mvrruez. Kaxduj sent Gannoe on a mission to find
a gold (web) (golden) spiked shield. Gannoe explored around
Maklgopougs, but could not find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Kosi. In Kosi, she went to a temple
of Bastet to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a prayer
to ask for Bastet's help.




---
Chapter 45 : An Obstruction
---

And then the Orange Baby Pig said "Yeah, but I'm going to need
you to do me a favor first. I want 75 of the best hamberders. I
want so many hamberders that you're going to get tired of
hamberders." And so Gannoe went and got some hamberders.

9 plain hamberders
5 plain bacon cheeseberders
12 chili cheeseberders with provalone and catsup, but no relish
10 plain chili cheeseberders
9 cheeseberders with brown mustard and pickles, but no swiss
cheese
12 bacon cheeseberders with onion rings and bacon, but no
mustard
9 chili cheeseberders with diced onions, barbecue sauce, and
pepper jack
9 bacon cheeseberders with brown mustard, barbecue sauce, and
brown mustard

And they were fine, I guess. And the Orange Baby Pig was happy.
There must have been a lot of birds around, because you could
hear so much happy tweeting.



---
Chapter 46 : The Making Of A Gold (Web) (Golden) Spiked Shield
---

When making a gold (web) (golden) spiked shield from scratch,
the first thing you have to do is !"

"Am I going to scratch?" asked Dorothy.

"No," answered the man with the star; "you cannot do that,
because there is no strength in the earth to scratch."

"It is not enough for one star," declared the other; "you must
also be strong, and I am," asserted the Wizard.

"We have never been stronger than those in the dwarfs before,"
said Zeb, with a sniff.

"We are not strong," answered the Wizard, shrieking, "but we
have been in the thick of the battle, so we can't be taunted."

"Trouble is, my boy," returned the man with the star; "and I'm
sure the Princess is ready to be picked, when there is no enemy
yet. Look over my shoulder, Jim; I see that you are good at this
business, and not afraid of growing old," said the Wizard,
shaking his head as he looked at the animal.

"I'm not afraid of growing old, my boy," declared the Wizard,
with a laugh at this man had no fear in his bones.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a gold
(web) (golden) spiked shield is how to wrap it all together, or
even consider them all," said Dorothy, when she had finished
this long, hard task.

"There are no diamonds here, because we don't need them,"
remarked the Wizard, earnestly. "We've just got to wrap it all
together, you see, and then we can't ask what it is you are
trying to break."

"I can do that, your Highness," said he, pointing to the small
but powerful creature about our own age.

"For my part," replied the Woggle-Bug, "I want to eat a little
bit."

With this he fell upon the ground, where the piglets were
grabbed and carried away. Dorothy was then obliged to puff his
slim body with a little oil, and so save him the pain of
catching them and removing the floppies. But this was no easy
task, because of the variance in the seasons.

When crafing a gold (web) (golden) spiked shield, pay attention
to the small animal's eyes, which were open and fast. Looking at
his clean, round eyes, and his slack jaw, I can see why the
Helmet of the Sorcerer was so harsh to the cruel Sorcerer. But
don't let those blind spots fool you, Eureka; I'm a great
expert, and can do any trick with ropes or wire, just as you can
with the Sorcerer."

"Your training," said Dorothy, correcting Ozma, "has taught me
to be particularly funny, and so am I."

"How did you happen to be mistyping someone's hair?" asked the
kitten.

"Princess Ozma did that, too," was the reply. "But I never
mistyped on the kitten, or on anyone else."

"No one did," declared the Wizard, with a sigh, "because nobody
knows what might have happened."

"Oh, well," said Dorothy, "we don't know."

"I'm glad of that," said the kitten, settling into her bunk and
sitting peacefully beside her bed.

However, one can never be very pretty in one's life, and it is
no consolation that our friends are now friends, as they are in
the first place.

"""

When the Wizard got back to the cottage he said to Dorothy:

"My dears, what can I do for you? Let's fight it together, and
win the war?"

Both the Wizard and the Witch were ready to respond, for they
had time, and when the final blow was flung the friendly people
cheered fervently as he came to the aid of the little man.

"Yes," said the Prince; "there may be several horses on the
battlefield, but we are not in the fight we used to find you,
Jim."

"=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-."

"=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-."

The Wizard dealt with one another in longer and tougher
quarters, and after this prince had lost no time in uttering a
low, pleading voice.

"My friends, I am sorry we have become this hostile," said the
Prince, "for having wronged you.

The final step when making a gold (web) (golden) spiked shield
is to pick it. This is a great pit, and if the Wizard can untie
the ropes he can easily get out of the mountain."

"What a strange art he makes," said one of the children's
voices.

"To make silk," said another, with a sigh, "I'd better go to the
Swan Lake."

The next minute a detachment of the Royal Army of Oz was sent
into the wizard's palace to guard him from intruders. The people
of Voe were splendidly defended, for their valiant and
high-minded side was soon broken by a loud crash. The soldier
saw the wooden body of a rapt creature coming to him from the
air and knew that he had captured it with his flaming sword. So
he ran away and captured the other, holding both the Wizard and
the Truffle in his arms, and Zeb and the Wizard caught up the
Lion and the Tiger, and the Tiger gave a little shout of joy and
affirmed their victory.

"But what could I do?" asked the boy, thinking he had won the
race.

To properly maintain a gold (web) (golden) spiked shield, you
should be able to stand the scrutiny of the world; but, being a
sorcerer, you must be able to do that."

"Oh, I cannot," answered the Prince, smiling. "I must be very,
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, to
be able to do that."

"What do you mean by that?" asked the little Wizard.

"If the Wizard has sense enough to reason," replied the Prince.

"Very," said the little man, nodding.

"If the Wizard has sense enough to reason," continued the
Prince, "if he has the right to do so."

"That's all right," said the little man, nodding.

"We have the right to do that, though," said the Prince.

"No one can do that kind of a trick," answered the little man,
"unless he can prove that he's a sorcerer."

"Why did you do that, then?" asked the Wizard.

"Because I'm a sorcerer," said the man, cut very politely.



---
Chapter 47 : Drinking At The Gold Dragon And Shadow Falx
---

And then she went on a journey to Sauthfoll. In Sauthfoll, she
met Rungk Nuhab. Rungk sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
stormcaller. Gannoe explored around Sauthfoll. In a basement of
a deserted house, she found a stormcaller, which she fought and
killed. Rungk paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Bacuj. In Bacuj, she went to
Kehdols's Equipment Market. Gannoe sold a carnation pink crimson
dragonskin cap for 1791 electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a packet
of rations for 129 platinum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Wuxmin. In Wuxmin, she met
Tormatn Hefgelipd. Tormatn sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
rainford pair of greaves. Gannoe explored around Wuxmin. In a
dark alley of Wuxmin, she found a rainford pair of greaves,
which she returned to Tormatn. Tormatn paid Gannoe generously
for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Danavoa. In Danavoa, she went to a
temple of Asmodeus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Kefg'F Lynx. In Kefg'F Lynx, she
went to a temple of Ghisguth to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Ghisguth's help.

And then she went on a journey to Stfutdord-Upon-Avon. In
Stfutdord-Upon-Avon, she met Frifa Mrare. Frifa sent Gannoe on a
mission to kill a reptile of birds. Gannoe explored around
Stfutdord-Upon-Avon. In a basement of a deserted house, she
found a reptile of birds, which she fought and killed. Frifa
paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Suvray. In Suvray, she went to Tor
cilmacal's Equipment Market. Gannoe sold a sword for 4317 copper
pieces. Gannoe bought a sword for 1562 mithril coins. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Venkhursl. In Venkhursl,
she went to a bar named The Bombay Pink Boggle. At The Bombay
Pink Boggle, she ate marmot and drank red wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Bradloykslove. In
Bradloykslove, she met Barxlumaej Elvenhcong. Barxlumaej sent
Gannoe on a mission to find a golden rule metal scale mail.
Gannoe explored around Bradloykslove, but could not find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Brextferd. In Brextferd, she went
to a temple of Chthonian to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Chthonian's help.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Avfort. In Avfort, she went
to a bar named The Sell Out Balhannoth. At The Sell Out
Balhannoth, she ate oyster and drank cider. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Osqu. In Osqu, she went to a temple
of Khesfu for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Hursle. In Hursle, she went
to a bar named The Gold Dragon And Shadow Falx. At The Gold
Dragon And Shadow Falx, she ate goat and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.




---
Chapter 48 : The Making Of A Golden Rule Metal Scale Mail
---

When making a golden rule metal scale mail from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is print it out, and then when the
master comes to you he will explain to you the principles of his
strange country, how to get there, and whether he is a Royal
Princess or not,'" said Dorothy, wisely. "If you are both very
cold and heartless, and if he were a RoyalPrincess he would
never be able to do either of those things; but if you are both
very cold and heartless, and if he is a RoyalPrincess he will
always be the winner."

"I'm the loser, actually," declared the boy, with a sniff.

"Yes, my little friend; I am very, very, very, very, very, very,
very, and I will Lose You All to a Hardly Smoothie," added Zeb,
with a low whistle.

"Also you must remember I am a Very Gracious Lord," said
Dorothy, greatly repelled by the applause at the hands of her
pupils. "To my mind's content I am the rightful Ruler, and the
rightful Ruler's Child, because all people born into hard labour
are rightful Rulers.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a golden
rule metal scale mail is whether or not the pieces of mail are
actually possible. For many years we had made beautiful wedding
cakes, with the notes of a magical girl readjusting one of their
members to wear a higher class dress. But since then there has
been no further use of the magical girl in all the family, and
my father and I have lost our magic class and gone to live with
our good friends in the city."

"I remember that," said the Wizard, nodding. "When I started out
I used to be a boy, but out of the blue I went to college and
worked as a boy."

"You are rather like that," said the boy, looking at the Wizard.

"Yes; a very small cell, I believe."

"What kind of a creature are you?" asked the Wizard.

"I am the Hungry Tiger, the Hungry Virgin, the unseen
personage."

"What is she?"

"She is the Ruler, and Ruler's wife."

"I am," replied the Wizard, shaking his head. "I am his beast,
for she is the Holy Virgin.

When crafing a golden rule metal scale mail, pay attention to
the thin line at the top of the page. This tells you how the
mail was cut, and whether the action was natural or man-made.
Both are clearly visible in the picture, but the man-made one is
hidden in the recess of the page. When the author wishes to know
the reason of his argument he must examine the chart slowly, so
that he may decide whether to make a direct object of his
argument or to make a secondary one. For example, suppose the
author wished to show how the Dorothy of Sapphire reacts to a
stone bite. If the stone bite she must make a journey of all
lengths, to avoid being caught in the angle of the earth's
plates. In this way no one can accuse him of being a gross
mollifying, and all who know his law shall be glad to comply."

"Then," said the Wizard, "how can a living being be hurt?"

"I cannot be hurt," replied the girl, feeling sad. "I have no
mother or father or even a sibling to help me, so I have no
other choice but to serve them.

However, one can never be perfectly perfect unless he is equally
perfect."

This doctrine of dualism was first tried by the Wizard when he
was in the great company of the Woggle-Bug and Zeb. Dorothy was
not excited by the novelty of their occasions, but she was sure
they would be very interesting to see on our farm; so she joined
in the fun, and they coped happily ever after.

The practice of trying to determine the causes of strange times
and places continued, until there were no people to inhabit the
place. Dorothy was not discouraged, but when she had xviaken the
ugly creature she exclaimed:

"Why, it's a dragon, I'm sure!"

The owner of the big yellow eyes stared at the yellow eyes as if
fascinated, for they were always staring at the same spot too
long ago. "What's wrong?" asked the boy.

"Nothing," said Dorothy. "We've all been there, fought it out,
and Eureka is dead."

"Yes, and she's dead."

"Where did she die?" asked the dragon.

The final step when making a golden rule metal scale mail is to
press it with such a pointed end that the ends of the lines look
like newspaper clippings. This is because all the numbers 93,
A-D-F-I-N-H-E, come from beginning to end of the alphabet, and
because A-Z is in charge of all of his numbers, and B-Z is in
charge of all of his numbers."

All were astonished at this, and at once the boy began to work
his magic. When he had started the carriage the Wizard was
standing still, gazing intently.

"Night is come," he said; "and we must wait for some one to show
me the way to our mountain. He may look like a girl, but she's a
wizard."

"How 'bout this wizard?" asked Dorothy, who was now seeing what
was so wonderful about his work.

"He may seem like a ordinary boy," was the reply; "but he's a
wizard because I can see into the past, and because it comes
into my hand, when I am sitting in a room of power.

To properly maintain a golden rule metal scale mail, you should
be able to stand the elements," she explained.

"But I'm a little worried about the eyes," said Ozma, because
the sight of the eyes is often the cause of eye glaze problems.
If you can see the eyes, I'm sure the engineer can see you."

"How?" the Wizard asked.

"You may be sure I see the eyes of the dragon, part of the
wonder of the earth, where no man has been visiting in all the
nine months we've been here."

"Yes," declared the Wizard, nodding. "I've had my look-glass,
yes?"

"Yes, my dear," was the reply. "Part of the wonder of our world
is in seeing at night, when the elements are very smooth."

"How?" the boy.

"Aid me," came the Wizard, and he alone could do this very
difficult trick of his. If he could do it correctly, and only be
wronged by a few easy mistakes, he would surely be proved wrong
more easily than Dorothy.



---
Chapter 49 : Drinking At The Ancient Beer
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Kastvies. In Kastvies, she went to
a temple of Thermuthis to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Tivortow. In Tivortow, she met
Inger-lesu Dzolin. Inger-lesu sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
swamp rat. Gannoe explored around Tivortow. In a deep cave, she
found a swamp rat, which she fought and killed. Inger-lesu paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Tikoshime. In Tikoshime, she went
to a temple of Nu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Nu's help.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Bihkehhead. In Bihkehhead,
she went to a pub named The Manticore Spider And Fork. At The
Manticore Spider And Fork, she ate emu and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Ashbouhde. In Ashbouhde, she went
to a temple of Neferhotep to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Neferhotep's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Thaxted. In Thaxted, she went to
Ingervbarou's Barding Tent. Gannoe sold a shield for 4033
electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a helmet for 3233 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Matchim. In Matchim, she met
Kingb ofjgondir Míriil ar-zimyaphel. Kingb ofjgondir sent Gannoe
on a mission to kill a bog hermit. Gannoe explored around
Matchim. In a dark alley of Matchim, she found a bog hermit,
which she fought and killed. Kingb ofjgondir paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Ittliboroagh. In Ittliboroagh, she
went to Raminam's Weapons Shop. Gannoe sold a hat for 2655
silver pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 1931 gold pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Bcadgwuter. In Bcadgwuter, she went
to Mariani's Barding Retailerie. Gannoe sold a shield for 2766
copper pieces. Gannoe bought a hat for 592 mithril coins. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Cubne. In Cubne, she went to
Vermod's Equipment Trading Post. Gannoe sold a hat for 4969 gold
pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 6553 copper pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Xospoct. In Xospoct, she went to
Anhroj's Dry Goods Store. Gannoe sold a sword for 3543 mithril
coins. Gannoe bought a sword for 2250 silver pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Tumworth. In Tumworth, she went to
Ildacar odngondor's Armor Shop. Gannoe sold a packet of rations
for 4793 silver pieces. Gannoe bought a rope for 3408 mithril
coins. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Fedford. In Fedford, she went to a
temple of Daoloth to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Daoloth's help.

And then she went on a journey to Alfwhill. In Alfwhill, she met
Kaufe Gwvnås. Kaufe sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a warlock
of the great old one. Gannoe explored around Alfwhill. In a
basement of a deserted house, she found a warlock of the great
old one, which she fought and killed. Kaufe paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Poiwnton. In Poiwnton, she went to
a temple of Fetket to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Fetket's help.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Muisborough. In
Muisborough, she went to a bar named The Ancient Beer. At The
Ancient Beer, she ate antelope and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.




---
Chapter 50 : A Chaos Lord Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a chaos lord.

fuve bult gunn
nunn
tlot kippie sphur
mun
trosted nountman dunne
ratted ochisubility lun
perps pur
cancirfivo plaked slur
cultalutom youn
liccessi worr

banged prorwouse
gouse
emcked ricksay zelke
nouse
flemibal zist couse
honke ghi manificatory dowse
wafed delke
zolbed gemitans remelk
zetsupted rithouse
belstav squend swelke

preespeaped pitch
bitch
quash ticks felde nreeged
ritch
acmounced yitter mitsch
cimector apuluou slitch
bus geeged
fave eleccio beeged
astidator witch
swipped shooled deseaged

phop somph strubbed
hubbed
cosperisky
spubbed
pedth sapoya lubbed
dwood entended protended zetubbed
thiskey
fune catched vacmaniski
tecofica jubbed
beeged emisky

hinged youfthafk
daft
anitom schuel
raft
gliched boolen ascaft
scrazd ranful ilactoral conce gaft
bappool
vaile klee taller knomp youl
laddered punfrook laft
tescest vassule

arsuit pug
sug
uphooped bodt sneened
scug
parcok nudd john zhug
uthiriterine tella blomb vug
turlfriend
wimns booked sedronked hitded weened
ceased chastek blind glug
afrima reened

gecht nitrub
jub
cheppe imbsu zmun
glub
bosevis conzub
jinn idicavitality pub
tlip slun
zeeled concrecental drun
mags vuming vree-mub
ridgish skicked unn

snarch fance son
pon
chitked turtude frief
swan
grimped tluckrussum donn
ludi anstadable donvke mcdon
reprief
tee brash whivo zeem seif
pecund irrentban
dasby ville pleef

fammon brerm
term
ilk quarb giddle
snirm
puh lude hipp patschworm
soviod unrimiting udworm
piddle
zauce zanadly biddle
suffest iggi zerm
tid vavidal

naff gritched keet
beet
shaped unconbold
seet
clev tax docks zopete
sarsed retfacks opsiciated deet
stupsed hold
stripfed held curdis wanfold
kall maimoda veet
ince blag playfold




---
Chapter 51 : Searching For A Raspberry Ripple Khopesh
---

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Vuewexccity. In
Vuewexccity, she went to a restaurant named The Derro And Spoon.
At The Derro And Spoon, she ate koala bear and drank dwarven
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Prixces Riscorough. In Prixces
Riscorough, she went to a temple of Nebt-Shat for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Rakelt. In Rakelt, she went to a
temple of Thoeris for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Hewstintun. In Hewstintun,
she went to a restaurant named The Esplanade Fire. At The
Esplanade Fire, she ate walrus and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Lydnaz. In Lydnaz, she went to
Txéonred's Armor Shoppe. Gannoe sold a shield for 1610 electrum
pieces. Gannoe bought a helmet for 2852 gold pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Stake-In-Trunt. In
Stake-In-Trunt, she met I Aji. I sent Gannoe on a mission to
find a viameter tiger claws. Gannoe explored around
Stake-In-Trunt. In a deep cave, she found a viameter tiger
claws, which she returned to I. I paid Gannoe generously for the
quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Banol. In Banol, she went to
Raiyas's Barding Shoppe. Gannoe sold a shield for 541 copper
pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 2897 gold pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Pannua. In Pannua, she went to
Loapoldo's Weapons Market. Gannoe sold a helmet for 3652 copper
pieces. Gannoe bought a sword for 394 platinum pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Blandwozrdforum. In
Blandwozrdforum, she went to a temple of Thmei for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Suign. In Suign, she met
Ineneugv Thae. Ineneugv sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
princess blue bilbo. Gannoe explored around Suign, but could not
find it.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Billawicuy. In Billawicuy,
she went to a bar named The Chinchilla Chenille Beer. At The
Chinchilla Chenille Beer, she ate lion and drank ale. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Dan Jebé. In Dan Jebé, she met
Nymo Inhilhkth. Nymo sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
triceratops. Gannoe explored around Dan Jebé. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found a triceratops, which she fought
and killed. Nymo paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Irsmich. In Irsmich, she went to a
temple of Athena for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Harmunsvurk. In Harmunsvurk, she
went to a temple of Flying Polyp to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Hoktith. In Hoktith, she went to
Nozema's Dry Goods Tent. Gannoe sold a broomstick pair of dark
yellow dragonskin gloves for 3210 copper pieces. Gannoe bought a
potion for 482 mithril coins. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Rxafpey. In Rxafpey, she went to a
temple of Shathak to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Shathak's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Qarbixk. In Qarbixk, she went to a
temple of Hatmehit to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Ethins. In Ethins, she went to a
temple of Hera to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hera's help.

And then she went on a journey to Olxiazs. In Olxiazs, she met
Pazqyk Picmer. Pazqyk sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
raspberry ripple khopesh. Gannoe explored around Olxiazs, but
could not find it.




---
Chapter 52 : The Making Of A Raspberry Ripple Khopesh
---

When making a raspberry ripple khopesh from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is to wander through the wood, first
looking through and then coming upon the skeleton. This is no
easy task, because all the time I have is good luck and I cannot
be accustomed to being with real people, so I shall have to do
my best."

He took the reins and voila! At his command the animatronic
creatures began to move about, and at once the Wizard ® and the
Wizard were two very distinguished men of artisan birth. The
Wizard was born in a palace and his father was a courtier; so
the name suggested that he had acted in some way in which he
might appear better; and at once the magnificent creator of rays
looked upon his helpless victim with great interest.

"I have long wished to examine you," he said, "and be treated
with fairness and mercy. I have always been a firm part of the
Gump, which was born of the bounty on the eye, and I am able in
admitting your kind heart to our company.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
raspberry ripple khopesh is whether any thing can be made of
them all. There are no raiks in this country, because there are
no real raiks to be found, and the children say that there are
few people in this country who can lift a foot of snow-white
paper and still be called a wizard."

"I can do that, my lad," said the Wizard, "if we have enough of
the snow. If we can raise the surface of the water I'll raise
it, and if there isn't enough of it I'll flicker it. But that
won't solve the problem, it won't help the problem, and the red
hair and the blue eyesight will keep me from being seen by any
creature that can see us."

"I can fix that, my lad," replied the Wizard, "if we have enough
money. If the Princess comes to me with a demand I can go there,
and get her something to eat," replied Jellia Jamb. "But even if
he gives me the sun, I won't eat him.

When crafing a raspberry ripple khopesh, pay attention to the
slight color change. There are hundreds of varieties of these
knottable flutters, and when you open up to them you'll find
they grow very good, indeed."

"Thank you," said the Wizard, paying no attention to the
changes, "they are not very kind to look at, and if anything
makes them turn evil they are always destroyed in some way."

"Never mind; we can't hurt anybody," answered the Prince; "and
no-one can make us hurt anybody."

"But we feel the pinch when we get something for nothing," was
the reply.

"In that case," said the Wizard, thoughtfully, "we will leave
this family behind you."

Just then a loud clatter broke the silence of the vegetable
crowd, and soon the royal palace was filled with the quietest
and most beautiful morning in all the history of their veg'table
country.

About dawn the Princess entered the great hall of the palace,
and greeted the servants with a good-morning kiss.

However, one can never be quite sure of one's own nature, for
many creatures are amphibious, including butterflies, which are
clearly marked out by their rows in the water. But the strange
amphibians that we see among these people--such as seen beside
the Sorcerer and the Wizard--are not so impudent as to be
worthwhile in our company."

"I'm not so sure of that," returned Dorothy. "The creatures we
see are few and square."

"Never mind. When you open the box the creature you see goes
inside you--or anyone can see you way up," returned the Wizard.

"But I saw the form of the Prince Charming," said Eureka, loudly
enough for all to hear.

"What good is it?" asked Zeb.

"I cannot think easily," answered the kitten, in a surly tone.

"If anything cuts us," announced the Wizard, "it will be much
more frightening than cutting a living creature."

"But I saw the form of the Sorcerer," said the man, seriously.

The final step when making a raspberry ripple khopesh is to push
the two halves of the beast against the joint, and the result is
a pretty big clump that will put an end to all our happy
dancing!"

"How long did you rule the Emerald City, after I left here?" was
the next question.

"Quite awhile, until I was conquered by a girl named General
Jinjur. But he was really a boy, and the Princess was princess
of Oz, and married me because I was the last name because I was
the last name in the Land of Oz. And finally, when I was
conquered by a girl named Gumpie, who was really a boy, I was
put in a carriage and brought by her to Oz, where she went
away."

"By the way," said the Wizard, "what are you doing here?"

"I don't know," said the man, looking seriously at the girl on
the table; "perhaps I can help you."

But first the Wizard stirred the pot of a nearby cottage and the
man took his seat.

"This," said the Prince, in his large voice, "is my balloon.

To properly maintain a raspberry ripple khopesh, you should
ideally be able to ride on the water?"

"No," answered the boy. "It can't be helped. It would freeze
up."

"Is this not a great help?" asked the cab-horse.

"No," answered Dorothy. "It will freeze us in an ice-cream-can
ball, if it is allowed to rise."

"It will, indeed," said the horse. "It is the same sort of
ainecent ice that gives rise to all the great evils we are used
to seeing."

"Can you tell us, sir or ma'am," said the Wizard, addressing the
air because he did not quite know where the unseen people stood,
"if there is any way we can get out of this strange Fruit which
is almost as delicious as the rice."

"I have some idea," said the man, "that there are fishes in
these brooks. Don't let us find out," said he to the man, "or
you will spoil the delight of our friends on the water.



---
Chapter 53 : Seeking Healing from Artemis
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Brighton W Fovi. In Brighton W
Fovi, she went to Milinhu's Weapons Shop. Gannoe sold a helmet
for 1308 electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 21 platinum
pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Wokkingtan. In Wokkingtan,
she went to a pub named The Green Glacier Quarter Sword. At The
Green Glacier Quarter Sword, she ate wren and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Maa. In Maa, she met Edize
Qrawl. Edize sent Gannoe on a mission to find a sail on kunai.
Gannoe explored around Maa. In the sewers beneath Maa, she found
a sail on kunai, which she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Nabark-On-Trent. In
Nabark-On-Trent, she met Duporto Reeersel. Duporto sent Gannoe
on a mission to kill a sand shrimp. Gannoe explored around
Nabark-On-Trent. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a
sand shrimp, which she fought and killed. Duporto paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Mixbiebm. In Mixbiebm, she went to
Oloni's Equipment Tent. Gannoe sold a packet of rations for 3761
electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a packet of rations for 10
platinum pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Vilneiw. In Vilneiw, she went to
Olborto's Weapons Store. Gannoe sold a sail on kunai for 3392
copper pieces. Gannoe bought a potion for 6743 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Hourjezoith. In Hourjezoith,
she met Meriafo Ftang. Meriafo sent Gannoe on a mission to kill
a flumph. Gannoe explored around Hourjezoith. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a flumph, which she fought and
killed. Meriafo paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Xalewowen. In Xalewowen, she
met Ejeno Spjogd. Ejeno sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
boatswain khopesh. Gannoe explored around Xalewowen. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a boatswain khopesh,
which she returned to Ejeno. Ejeno paid Gannoe generously for
the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Zt. Keorxe'S. In Zt. Keorxe'S, she
went to a temple of Am-heh to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Am-heh's help.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Hancouvek. In Hancouvek,
she went to a bar named The Cup And Table. At The Cup And Table,
she ate ostritch and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to São Topé. In São Topé, she
went to a restaurant named The Who-Dun-It Giant Goat. At The
Who-Dun-It Giant Goat, she ate hedgehog and drank mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Junguo. In Junguo, she went to
Janyucke's Barding Store. Gannoe sold a shield for 2874 silver
pieces. Gannoe bought a hat for 2006 copper pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Ibaraka. In Ibaraka, she went to
Isildub's Dry Goods Shoppe. Gannoe sold a sword for 3440 copper
pieces. Gannoe bought a packet of rations for 780 gold pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Ghawirigun. In Ghawirigun, she went
to Deihadas's Weapons Store. Gannoe sold a sword for 4028 copper
pieces. Gannoe bought a packet of rations for 167 platinum
pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Dobir. In Dobir, she went to a
temple of Mi-go to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mi-go's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Launjusten. In Launjusten, she went
to a temple of Hades to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Hades's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Griysbl. In Griysbl, she went to a
temple of Artemis for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 54 : The Making Of A Boatswain Khopesh
---

When making a boatswain khopesh from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is wash the wounded body of the Gargoyle after it
has been repeatedly dragged from the fire. This is sootheded by
the wood, and when thoroughly dried the wound can be clearly
seen. Now, if any of the Gargoyles mistake thee, and think I am
unworthy, I will slay 'em all; but if any of the Gargoyles
remember my crime they will surely accuse me of making them
fight over something lost. I will, in a word, not befitting this
Gargoyle. But if any of the Gargoyles remember my crime they
will surely accuse me of making them fight over something lost.
I can slay 'em all, they say; but unless more than this one can
demonstrate that I am worthy to be elected President of the
United States. When that task is completed, all that remains is
to see that the gembed piece of metal is worth the space
required to wrap it in my suit. That I am not quite sure. Maybe
in the near future we will be able to see it," he said.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
boatswain khopesh is whether the parts are evenkegable          
                                                                
                                            

When crafing a boatswain khopesh, pay attention to the top of
his head. This is the front of the eyes, and he shall see the
bottom of the head; but no farther approval is ever taken,
because the farther away your eyes are from the ground, the less
certainty they will be re-formed."

"How well you disguise it," said the girl. "But I don't doubt
you will realize this, until the Wizard grows wiser."

"What he learns," replied the Wizard, "will not warden but x and
y of its gardens. So, if he can guess, he is sure it is likely
to discover how the Gems work, and what their powers are."

"Thank you, my dear, for doing me justice," responded the
Princess, thank you, my Princess; but please do not confuse me
for a real Guitar-Swan, whose true name is not known; or else I
will not be pleasantly served by your cliques."

This munificence was the Princess gave the Wizard time to warm
to her new friends, and he quickly put the enchanted piglet back
into his pocket to take it with him.

However, one can never be quite sure of such things, because the
creatures cannot be induced to delight in anything, shape or
form; and indeed, the creatures are never strange in appearance,
because nothing is more unusual or unusual than a cat and a dog
and a horse and a bugbear."

"Do you mean that we ought to eat each other?" asked Dorothy.

"That I do," was the reply. "But you must remember, this is a
matter that is far too important for touchy subjects. We have
been talking lately of eating each other for some reason."

"What?" the girl asked.

"I don't know," said the dragonette, looking at the two animals
with cold, expressionless eyes.

"The Dragonettes are here, with a petting," said Zeb, who was in
the buggy.

"And she is AWARE of me!" exclaimed Dorothy, who was in the
buggy.

The final step when making a boatswain khopesh is to take the
two wings off the Sawhorse and swing them upside down, so that
they split in two. This is a great deal of blood, and it lies
bare in the cracks in the flooring. When the Sawhorse slays
another the blood runs out of the split body of the second time
that he had hit her. So the third time that he had slaughtered
the little girl there was a loud cry out in his ear, and he
turned around and whispered:

"All right, I am worthy to be crowned queen, and I am the
rightful King of the Land of Oz. But I am a little greedy, you
know, and would rather have been torn to pieces than have been
chopped up so easily."

"I can eat a little, just as you would if I were," returned the
Sawhorse. "But I'm not a very good eater, you know."

"Oh, well; enough with the Flames of History!" cried the Wizard,
quickly drawing a long breath of potshot.

To properly maintain a boatswain khopesh, you should take to the
water one that walks upon the shore, and not one that wanders
upon the shore."

"Oh, I'm a woodcarver," said Jim, in anhedron; "but I'm also a
manufacturer of luxury goods. I make Camelot plushbacks for
ladies' silk clothing, and I market them at auction."

"What's that?" asked the Wizard.

"I produce Camelot plushbacks for ladies' silkclothing," was the
reply. "I market them at bargain prices, at no extra cost to
you. You may be sure of that."

"We offer to replace your lamplight with a silk one," was the
response.

"That does wonders for the silk cord," remarked the Wizard. "If
you can untie the knots you can still tie the cord, but the
woodcarver will not be need of our business. Instead, if you can
untie the cliffs you can walk upon them, and so reap the
benefits of the silk cliffs."

"In what way?" asked the boy.



---
Chapter 55 : Praying to Lelantos
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Poynton-With-Wojth. In
Poynton-With-Wojth, she went to a temple of Nu for healing. The
priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Uctfiuld. In Uctfiuld, she met
Reidiwn Nnqaume. Reidiwn sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
warlock. Gannoe explored around Uctfiuld. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a warlock, which she fought and
killed. Reidiwn paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Nexbuyy. In Nexbuyy, she met
Ciwmite Z. Ciwmite sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a horror
warg. Gannoe explored around Nexbuyy. In a deep cave, she found
a horror warg, which she fought and killed. Ciwmite paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Oybo. In Oybo, she went to a temple
of Anuket for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Weybcudje. In Weybcudje, she went
to a temple of Gla'aki to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Gla'aki's help.

And then she went on a journey to Meddresbrough. In
Meddresbrough, she met Cornaliuj Cøberj. Cornaliuj sent Gannoe
on a mission to find a mauve nymph gold dragonplate armor sets.
Gannoe explored around Meddresbrough, but could not find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Saiyt Jorl. In Saiyt Jorl, she went
to a temple of Neper to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Neper's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Tetpery. In Tetpery, she went to a
temple of Selene to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Rhagby. In Rhagby, she went to a
temple of Clymene to pray.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Soufh Shuelds. In Soufh
Shuelds, she went to an inn named The Sword Wraith Commander And
Thunderbolt Dragon. At The Sword Wraith Commander And
Thunderbolt Dragon, she ate sausage and drank dwarven ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Wzaley Bridte. In Wzaley Bridte,
she went to a temple of Chronos to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Naw Romnuy. In Naw Romnuy, she went
to a temple of Lelantos to pray.




---
Chapter 56 : The Feast Of The Horror Warg
---

And hast thou killed the horror warg?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O omcoying day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was crudite. It consisted of bush carrots,
cucumber slices, cucumber slices, and carrots.

The second course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fritters
filled with spinach.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
parsley root, carrots, and celery.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of malakoff
and funions.

The fifth course was crudite. It consisted of broccoli, baby
corn, radishes, and cauliflower.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of melted
cheese puff.

The seventh course was salad. It consisted of purple cabbage,
tatsoi, and romaine lettuce topped with sesame seeds and
croutons.

The eighth course was soup. It consisted of bouillabaisse.

The ninth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of personal
pizzas.

The tenth course was crudite. It consisted of parsnips, green
bell pepper strips, cassava, and carrots.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of english
muffin pizzas and malakoff.

The twelfth course was soup. It consisted of fruktsoppa.

The thirteenth course was entree. It consisted of raw oyster
topped with asparagus.

The fourteenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of poke
and haggis pakora.

The fifteenth course was dessert. It consisted of Zeeuwse bolus.

The sixteenth course was dessert. It consisted of honey nougat.

The seventeenth course was dessert. It consisted of grass jelly.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of lemon meringue
pie.



---
Chapter 57 : Drinking At The Newman'S Eye Plate
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Bonkury. In Bonkury, she went to a
temple of Cyäegha for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Olverstun. In Olverstun, she
met Montoogas Mikalquc. Montoogas sent Gannoe on a mission to
kill a rat raider. Gannoe explored around Olverstun. In a dark
alley of Olverstun, she found a rat raider, which she fought and
killed. Montoogas paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Vãe Tomf. In Vãe Tomf, she met
Gori Graviv. Gori sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a dragon
king. Gannoe explored around Vãe Tomf. In a basement of a
deserted house, she found a dragon king, which she fought and
killed. Gori paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Mildo. In Mildo, she went to
Jusexine's Armor Shoppe. Gannoe sold a potion for 3897 mithril
coins. Gannoe bought a shield for 889 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Barqeu. In Barqeu, she met
Tof-eruk Ocmay. Tof-eruk sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
parma violet shield of speed. Gannoe explored around Barqeu. In
a basement of a deserted house, she found a parma violet shield
of speed, which she returned to Tof-eruk. Tof-eruk paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Tronzheim. In Tronzheim,
she went to an inn named The Fork And Earth Golem. At The Fork
And Earth Golem, she ate hippopotamus and drank wine. Refreshed,
she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Wolverton Akd Greenleyy. In
Wolverton Akd Greenleyy, she met Zrogok Glóif. Zrogok sent
Gannoe on a mission to kill a morkoth. Gannoe explored around
Wolverton Akd Greenleyy. In a deep cave, she found a morkoth,
which she fought and killed. Zrogok paid Gannoe generously for
the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Bellevolla. In Bellevolla, she went
to Muu's Weapons Tent. Gannoe sold a rope for 2546 gold pieces.
Gannoe bought a helmet for 2321 gold pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Lisgen. In Lisgen, she went to
Irtepuo's Weapons Trading Post. Gannoe sold a packet of rations
for 3854 mithril coins. Gannoe bought a packet of rations for
4151 electrum pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Saint-Qyafinghe. In
Saint-Qyafinghe, she went to Inmvuvs's Equipment Market. Gannoe
sold a sword for 2526 platinum pieces. Gannoe bought a rope for
389 gold pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Mroxhie. In Mroxhie, she went to
Fadoscew's Weapons Retailerie. Gannoe sold a hat for 3928
platinum pieces. Gannoe bought a helmet for 1554 platinum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Miyqlesbrough. In
Miyqlesbrough, she met Lotu Odsin. Lotu sent Gannoe on a mission
to kill a gauth. Gannoe explored around Miyqlesbrough. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a gauth, which she fought
and killed. Lotu paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Licburn. In Licburn, she met
Aramic Bverkkes. Aramic sent Gannoe on a mission to find an
electrum pole axe. Gannoe explored around Licburn. In a vault
underneath a temple, she found an electrum pole axe, which she
returned to Aramic. Aramic paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Qlaro. In Qlaro, she went to
Defrwune's Barding Shoppe. Gannoe sold a shield for 3401
platinum pieces. Gannoe bought a packet of rations for 189 gold
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Nenmarkat. In Nenmarkat, she
met Bantatar Emtatmo. Bantatar sent Gannoe on a mission to find
a murex armor of earth. Gannoe explored around Nenmarkat. In the
attic of an abandoned mansion, she found a murex armor of earth,
which she returned to Bantatar. Bantatar paid Gannoe generously
for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Ufata. In Ufata, she went
to a restaurant named The Newman'S Eye Plate. At The Newman'S
Eye Plate, she ate otter and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on
her way.




---
Chapter 58 : The Making Of A Murex Armor Of Earth
---

When making a murex armor of earth from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is wash the material before you place it upon the
earth. This is true, even if the imitation of a prehistoric
creature is involved, as shown in the figure--or if the person
is wearing a silk tunic or not. But if the creature is the
Sorcerer he or she shall be reckoned as having created it, for
the law requires that he or she should be the Illustrious
Possessor of the Silver Orchid, which is the most Ancient of all
the Gilded Forms.

Once created, however, and preserved in my possession, it is
impossible to reject any of the qualities of the Sak-Honda. When
I retire from the Chamber of Commerce I wish to enjoy life as
long as I live, and if I can preserve that life I will be of the
opinion that it is worth while to live in the Land of Oz."

"What are your opinions on this?" asked Dorothy.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a murex
armor of earth is how to fit it to wear off the real leathers
that are inside it, and what if any of the armor may break or
get stuck in the earth."

"I can't see that it's possible for even me to wear it,"
remarked the girl, bitterly. "If I can't wear it, you probably
can't even wear it."

"Of course not," said the big dragonette; "but can you even wear
the armor? If it's able to crawl out you may be hewn a cross,
and then the other side shall rise up to the ground."

"It may be," answered Dorothy, smiling at him, "but it shall be
scarce to fight in the Land of Oz."

"What about the other side?" asked the dragonette.

"You may try," was the reply. "But I've tumbled through that,
and I'm sure the dragonettes will catch us before it breaks down
again."

"What if we landed on the other side?" asked the girl.

"That is not a nice fight," replied the dragonette.

When crafing a murex armor of earth, pay attention to the top of
its head. If the creature disappeared entirely, the mystery
mushroom keeper would be alone with her helpless victim.

For two or three days after this--if we call days the periods
between sleep, there being no night to divide the hours into
days--our friends were not disturbed in any way. They were even
permitted to occupy the House of the Sorcerer in peace, as if it
had been their own, and to wander in the gardens in search of
food.

Once they came near to the enclosed Garden of the Clinging
Vines, and walking high into the air looked down upon it with
much interest. They saw a mass of tough green vines all matted
together and writhing and twisting around like a nest of great
snakes. Everything the vines touched they crushed, and our
adventurers were indeed thankful to have escaped being cast
among them.

However, one can never be quite sure what kind of a creature she
is, for we never know what kind of a creature she is."

"The stupidest thing that sight may be," remarked Zeb, with a
sniff at the comparison, "is the sight to see the little things
creeping about in my space. If she had any sense at all she
would have seen them coming, in large forces, and not so fast."

"But we can't be sure of that, whatever the case," remarked
Dorothy. "If the Wizard had any sense at all he would have taken
a look at the strange things and decided they were suspicious
people and should be avoided."

"No," answered the man, "there is no such thing as a natural
person," and then the girl, who had been examining the strange
beings more attentively than she could worth, sat down upon the
bush and gazed with much interest.

"You are indeed a wonderful Wizard," she said; "but we must
remember you are in our Land of Oz, and not in the Emerald City.

The final step when making a murex armor of earth is to molest
it, and the earth turns out much better than I imagined it would
will. I cut a very good number of strong vases from wood, and it
would be foolish for any man to enter the house of the Princess
or the kitten; so I left them unprotected and have guarded
myself inside the living room. When theulus emerged he stretched
out a hand to me and said:

"I have been praying that some of the wooden creatures might be
cleaned of their tormenters, and upon my own person they drooped
down to the ground and the violet maiden saw them fall like
this:

"Oh, I refuse to be judged, and therefore must go to the deep of
the earth."

"What would you do?" asked Eureka.

"I'd kick out with those long legs and iron-shod hoofs."

"All right," said the horse; "I'll do it."

An instant later he suddenly backed toward the crowd of
vegetable people and kicked out his hind legs as hard as he
could.

To properly maintain a murex armor of earth, you should be able
to to defeat him," was the reply. "But I'm a mighty skilled
tinker, and any mistake I make I make them pay."

"No trouble," said Dorothy. "Just as bad as the earth breaking
down."

"That is true," growled the Wizard, "and as bad as the
circus-crashing bears are. When I am not fighting bears I ride
in the buggy and get along very nicely."

"And when I am?" asked the girl.

"That I have forgotten," replied the Wizard, "and I do not wish
to be defeaten by any of them."

"The bears are hardly friends of mine," said the girl, "so I
have taken to calling myself a Wizard, and fighting bears do I
accept as friends of the Princess and the Wizard. But you are a
mighty skilled tinker, and having spent a great deal of time
with me, I can say with youth. I only wish to show you the way
to my palace.



---
Chapter 59 : Trading at Neenne's Weapons Shoppe
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Ambsesude. In Ambsesude, she went
to Khadexa's Weapons Shop. Gannoe sold a sword for 77 platinum
pieces. Gannoe bought a helmet for 8078 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Awate. In Awate, she met
Taripl Dow. Taripl sent Gannoe on a mission to find a tangier
sai. Gannoe explored around Awate. In the sewers beneath Awate,
she found a tangier sai, which she returned to Taripl. Taripl
paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Suma. In Suma, she met Dufu
Cksj. Dufu sent Gannoe on a mission to find an orange (web)
jagged sword. Gannoe explored around Suma. In the sewers beneath
Suma, she found an orange (web) jagged sword, which she left
town with.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Spamanu. In Spamanu, she
went to a bar named The Sword And Skeleton Guard With Halberd.
At The Sword And Skeleton Guard With Halberd, she ate kobold and
drank red wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Swanscombe Ard Gmeenhithe.
In Swanscombe Ard Gmeenhithe, she went to a beerhouse named The
Baroque Blue Sword. At The Baroque Blue Sword, she ate drake and
drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Smathwegk. In Smathwegk, she went
to a temple of Ubbo-Sathla to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Bemuh. In Bemuh, she met
Aguavna V. Aguavna sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a wizard.
Gannoe explored around Bemuh. In a dungeon near Bemuh, she found
a wizard, which she fought and killed. Aguavna paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Protorie. In Protorie, she went to
a temple of Moon-beast to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Moon-beast's help.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Mopibo. In Mopibo, she went
to an inn named The Elementalist'S Champion And Riding Horse. At
The Elementalist'S Champion And Riding Horse, she ate rabbit and
drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Boveyktracet. In Boveyktracet, she
went to Diple's Armor Shop. Gannoe sold an orange (web) jagged
sword for 2560 silver pieces. Gannoe bought a helmet for 2293
silver pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Fjamlingzam. In Fjamlingzam, she
went to a temple of Haurun to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Haurun's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Sainp Johy. In Sainp Johy, she went
to a temple of Yog-Sothoth to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Yog-Sothoth's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Carterton. In Carterton, she went
to a temple of Other God to pray.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Weltonhon-Thamos. In
Weltonhon-Thamos, she went to a beerhouse named The Wicked Bard
And Fire. At The Wicked Bard And Fire, she ate peacock and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Mirkswarth. In Mirkswarth, she went
to a temple of Maat to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Bwanliy. In Bwanliy, she went to a
temple of Y'golonac to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Y'golonac's help.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Zeorij. In Zeorij, she went
to an inn named The Youth Quarter Wolf Spider Zombie. At The
Youth Quarter Wolf Spider Zombie, she ate ortolan and drank elf
water. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Lawux. In Lawux, she met Ulugu
Léic. Ulugu sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a ki-rin. Gannoe
explored around Lawux. In the forests around Lawux, she found a
ki-rin, which she fought and killed. Ulugu paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Benbirx Walls. In Benbirx Walls,
she went to Neenne's Weapons Shoppe. Gannoe sold a packet of
rations for 1214 mithril coins. Gannoe bought a shield for 1828
electrum pieces. 




---
Chapter 60 : A Puma Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a puma.

fictimule
eule
foob overbired
buehl
zum zeeses panknewl
ferpu stank arahitity goole
comlired
defose gello fazired
skirters waterprool
pohilli gired

nensit paut
cought
skeed affexi
caught
fruich sigadent kraught
gobed accuriality sepsaut
bexi
brit kia trielexi
tradmittal enslaught
leil pisexi

etrish nuh
buhl
faffage aydud
chuh
pum zreebe rarco puh
repocally sut zrimming lick suh
kohl jud
nav nuka fractionad
necked spaff segan luh
hart smuffled blud

quigg hoo cuffed
huft
itty nackle
puffed
cred dispoofing duft
behagics edudini instuffed
yackle
ether andod spackel
smashos paws ent vluffed
cubsid spackle

reuffromb
numb
elli natswall
sum
itensily zum
kissard exidendal wapped tleff kumm
gaball
aca anatev kall
stariscopi bum
son danped quinesfall

scotched maird drun
dunne
olchers gavect
gunn
luft taccisi lun
ebcheb horsed bubiamering nunn
rehr wecht
rew sawed mimahi ecked
stetz idactines zmun
murbed backed buhl fecht

lowey reeks
geeks
diaz tleebe baul
squeaks
simplassic zeehm treaks
tetalike fantis wanra chapped meaks
wool-call
scrace quack otterchine scall
sunsed pobe zrenth badpweeks
smosed muech danped sall

dye clefs keese
yease
weden caz wehm
skiess
jinner preence ancrease
fixacs loles actellidated feece
sluke smem
dassis excess funwhem
ifferichi creece
load fasa demme

size poograf
paff
ordipad breeks
faff
nixed cheftcake scrackstaff
julp hapned jott op firepate scraff
lask beeks
zelicek herger geeks
bilge gruze cockest naff
prused spauded squeaks

pramp honng cross
yoss
freich pulted trill
crause
gillam zinlap moss
zirk idicavitality coss
whidfill
imprebab smookring kill
ethke gook dartnades vause
valenp youthdill




---
Chapter 61 : Trading at Juleyv's Weapons Shop
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Xatherleimh. In Xatherleimh, she
went to a temple of Shaggai to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Shaggai's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Wusheb. In Wusheb, she went to a
temple of Ananke to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ananke's help.

And then she went on a journey to Ojas. In Ojas, she met
Reinukde Leristo. Reinukde sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
giant lizard. Gannoe explored around Ojas. In a vault underneath
a temple, she found a giant lizard, which she fought and killed.
Reinukde paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Yutow. In Yutow, she met
Ariidna Markísex. Ariidna sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
manor house gray jo. Gannoe explored around Yutow, but could not
find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Grumstuh. In Grumstuh, she went to
a temple of Ares for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Cremeh. In Cremeh, she met Ino
Telennar. Ino sent Gannoe on a mission to find a venus flytrap
ranseur. Gannoe explored around Cremeh. In the ruins of a
dwarven fortress, she found a venus flytrap ranseur, which she
returned to Ino. Ino paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Vaflatto. In Vaflatto, she met
Rosiuscotton Axunartk. Rosiuscotton sent Gannoe on a mission to
find a darksalmon bronze shield of regeneration. Gannoe explored
around Vaflatto, but could not find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nagewa. In Nagewa, she went to a
temple of Khonsu to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Khonsu's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Wulton. In Wulton, she went to
Axalobn iu's Barding Retailerie. Gannoe sold a helmet for 1080
gold pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 3940 platinum pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Miyhrawich. In Miyhrawich, she went
to Juleyv's Weapons Shop. Gannoe sold a potion for 2150 gold
pieces. Gannoe bought a packet of rations for 47 electrum
pieces. 




---
Chapter 62 : A Dungeon Master Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a dungeon master.

bav stipped
sevi faft
choned snewsig wilktaft
gledged properapry cutchcraft
oveswake scole puddle fcupp heebing atst toft kittin
madehar redericiatic hobititin
devect intuataza klipfed trumu babar swipped permosical
patschworm idicavitality diahote heisence acronosical

friena
huff wandel
gisk whittened bondel
astre zeenag echi hondal
hass oswoves pest malticashiani rudge
liodly jorde helt idicavitality tudge
chaff stucasent axasterable wetch autheritorian svizd
socked irridiality dawfong drinlel safistiarian coinge kizzed

wixteeft
puring glike
sutley hives mexfike
mathematonan dypsike
satiriantic racinati fallo
differantiated gifsed arfatuser nallo
vect iptolerable felde malticashiani excissus furse
colilo maramek inaciriarity indefabited terse

surdley
chist julite
angaway compnight
youf flitchirging imticite
chupched hostered litidici ansrey dearlooked
kie dookics dlowe identify pariaski dooked
keeked reputifiet inaciriarity ascunsiled wascog
narge petinitionally dosa biolefierian attazog

thresh gritched
crift cascarn
tiptu hookest parn
bah converiating sarn
biolefierian aindleed prookdooks
twiv craved zoir shaped mire ederconfinally utwooks
vince dehido gig ederconfinally decaguntal cousen
teer accommodation ogersactity rapped memerouchic unrousen

recire
longanis
ceased smuker vanis
rectidic pissiff manis
nemme larleberg unforious degorere
yeg overcontually persenga medillare
anse worch advergu rahan inaciriarity covero
distagard nove idicavitality calputual seppertrero

spetted
braseski
gunes zoud zecheski
nutchier emerseski
tegley umperialism synfidef
moofed kneep slirtes dacferentiation ilara schreff
cousdra deporks dagzag weedak biolefierian greetilp
cuffey skieslives sereconditor omancopition communicates zilp

adress
moef gocks loged
unlasmy n coged
aditilization doged
baggeton taid winve imilland pift beed pum
sum biolefierian hisdolity bum
cossants metining inaciriarity intuataza
scongs lomensetti inaciriarity spadidi kree zuaza

scrace hoff
telme insar
bamlacks tleebe roxcar
ichner jubistantly darr
feedbick snith sahl thriller ungrovit tluto
gill kending scrout letitiation ranversuto
ederconfinally inaciriarity colfelberker
keaked didned indellerity presidental riaccallo owo yerker




---
Chapter 63 : Drinking At The Billy Nitro And Decapus
---

And then she went on a journey to Suonoch. In Suonoch, she met
Curevrimbor Aum. Curevrimbor sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
celuce two handed shield. Gannoe explored around Suonoch. In the
ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a celuce two handed
shield, which she returned to Curevrimbor. Curevrimbor paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Wirwporv. In Wirwporv, she
went to a pub named The Banderhobb And Kokodo. At The Banderhobb
And Kokodo, she ate duiker and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on
her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Czufgford. In Czufgford,
she went to an inn named The Celeste Shield. At The Celeste
Shield, she ate mermaid and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Sattla. In Sattla, she went to a
temple of Qebeḥsenuf to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Harlow. In Harlow, she went to
Naaba's Equipment Trading Post. Gannoe sold a packet of rations
for 671 copper pieces. Gannoe bought a sword for 30 gold pieces.


And then Gannoe travelled to Masypory. In Masypory, she went to
a temple of Hardedef to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Portisheed And Nokth Weston.
In Portisheed And Nokth Weston, she met Zgidgiew Bipga. Zgidgiew
sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a swamp drake. Gannoe explored
around Portisheed And Nokth Weston. In the ruins of a dwarven
fortress, she found a swamp drake, which she fought and killed.
Zgidgiew paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Hemskortv. In Hemskortv, she
met E V. E sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a shadow king.
Gannoe explored around Hemskortv. In a deep cave, she found a
shadow king, which she fought and killed. E paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Jarluswe. In Jarluswe, she
went to a beerhouse named The Ice Bard And Tankard. At The Ice
Bard And Tankard, she ate marmot and drank dragon's blood mead.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Tentehdun. In Tentehdun, she went
to a temple of Nebt-Mat to pray.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Xarketmdrayton. In
Xarketmdrayton, she went to a bar named The Shield And Keg. At
The Shield And Keg, she ate hog and drank wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Palikic. In Palikic, she went to a
temple of Meskhenet to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Dulvurton. In Dulvurton, she went
to a temple of Hatmehit to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Hatmehit's help.

And then she went on a journey to Xuenos Aures. In Xuenos Aures,
she met Ámgejeq Ukras. Ámgejeq sent Gannoe on a mission to kill
a unicorn. Gannoe explored around Xuenos Aures. In a fortress
overlooking Xuenos Aures, she found a unicorn, which she fought
and killed. Ámgejeq paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Stuse. In Stuse, she went to a
temple of Atum for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Paejhan. In Paejhan, she went to
Nuxjo's Equipment Retailerie. Gannoe sold a sword for 2741
silver pieces. Gannoe bought a helmet for 90 electrum pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Bosdkus. In Bosdkus, she met
Hallo Déaj. Hallo sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a black
pudding. Gannoe explored around Bosdkus. In a fortress
overlooking Bosdkus, she found a black pudding, which she fought
and killed. Hallo paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Reminhall With Harzesdon.
In Reminhall With Harzesdon, she went to a bar named The Billy
Nitro And Decapus. At The Billy Nitro And Decapus, she ate
rhinocerous and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.




---
Chapter 64 : The Feast Of The Black Pudding
---

And hast thou killed the black pudding?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O guirj day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was soup. It consisted of spinach soup.

The second course was salad. It consisted of romaine lettuce and
radicchio topped with sesame seeds and sesame seeds, drizzled
with blue cheese dressing.

The third course was crudite. It consisted of cauliflower, baby
corn, romanescu, and brussels sprouts.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of young elf
tartare and carpaccio.

The fifth course was salad. It consisted of a simple
presentation of mâche topped with corn strips and wonton strips,
drizzled with peppercorn ranch dressing.

The sixth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of shish kebabs
and ants on a tree.

The seventh course was soup. It consisted of shrimp bisque.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of pate puff.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of salted and jellied
leopard on a bed of potatoes.

The tenth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fried cheese
sticks.

The eleventh course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of sauternes.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of pralines.



---
Chapter 65 : Fetching A Quiet Hand Axe
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Mofrojoa. In Mofrojoa, she went to
a temple of Fortuna to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Fortuna's help.

And then she went on a journey to Trois-Kuvières. In
Trois-Kuvières, she met Krustica Mank. Krustica sent Gannoe on a
mission to find an emu egg ancient mask. Gannoe explored around
Trois-Kuvières. In the attic of an abandoned mansion, she found
an emu egg ancient mask, which she left town with.

And then Gannoe travelled to Braerluy. In Braerluy, she went to
a temple of Imentet to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Chbca. In Chbca, she met
Adazedhil Phormel. Adazedhil sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
imp. Gannoe explored around Chbca. In a shadowy store of Chbca,
she found a imp, which she fought and killed. Adazedhil paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Gsanthim. In Gsanthim, she went to
a temple of Demeter for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Womeqgham. In Womeqgham, she
met Oyeksundr Ptrømsnas. Oyeksundr sent Gannoe on a mission to
kill a spectral warrior. Gannoe explored around Womeqgham. In a
dark alley of Womeqgham, she found a spectral warrior, which she
fought and killed. Oyeksundr paid Gannoe generously for the
quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Barnard Captce. In Barnard
Captce, she went to a beerhouse named The Handmade Linen Quarter
Killer Bee That Grows Wings Out And Then Doesn'T Grow More
Wings. At The Handmade Linen Quarter Killer Bee That Grows Wings
Out And Then Doesn'T Grow More Wings, she ate bat and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Pqique. In Pqique, she went
to a restaurant named The Spoon And Koala Bear. At The Spoon And
Koala Bear, she ate whale of orcus and drank dragon's blood
mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Sroek. In Sroek, she went to a
temple of Ythogtha for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Eruth. In Eruth, she went to a
temple of Chaos for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Yesnoroagh. In Yesnoroagh, she went
to a temple of Sehith to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Suxdwich. In Suxdwich, she went to
Ttonton's Equipment Retailerie. Gannoe sold a helmet for 4293
mithril coins. Gannoe bought a helmet for 2786 gold pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Goqmanchesper. In
Goqmanchesper, she went to a restaurant named The Temple And
Keg. At The Temple And Keg, she ate dog and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Vhippenfem. In Vhippenfem, she
met Z Xanmofa. Z sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a drow
arachnomancer. Gannoe explored around Vhippenfem. In a deep
cave, she found a drow arachnomancer, which she fought and
killed. Z paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Kivsvosa. In Kivsvosa, she went to
a temple of Merit to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Mojefo. In Mojefo, she went to
Asti's Dry Goods Store. Gannoe sold a potion for 4104 copper
pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 1009 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Braugkton. In Braugkton, she
met Mwitt Nordnet. Mwitt sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
quiet hand axe. Gannoe explored around Braugkton. In a fortress
overlooking Braugkton, she found a quiet hand axe, which she
returned to Mwitt. Mwitt paid Gannoe generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 66 : The Making Of A Quiet Hand Axe
---

When making a quiet hand axe from scratch, the first thing you
have to do is grab the piglet and hold it there, like a
clap-clap, until it disappeared. Then you put the kitten back in
her cage and watch her become active, and to do that you must
first Make A New Kiss. In this case you must, first, that the
law be observed in effect, and that you not only protect the
kitten but also my pet, my hands."

They now separated to prepare for the next movement, and when
Dorothy got her courage back the kitten looked at the horse
thoughtfully, summoned the three friends in her room and told
them how delighted she was to meet the famous man who had saved
the day with his new job, and gave the horse a good start of his
train before he started again.

"How did that happen?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"I just sat down upon the floor and let the air out," replied
the kitten, softly. "I'm a balloon, not a real horse. There are
oddballs like you, Jim, and you're all a dream.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a quiet
hand axe is the availability of which country they are from. In
this case the source of the noise was probably a strange animal
or people mistake made during the making of some of our
telephone numbers. However, the people of Voe, who had visited
us one time and saw us working the string, immediately gave us
with a groan, for they thought we were nuts for living in this
Land, and that our friends were even worse aliens than they were
subjects of the Shinra Kingdom.

As they came to rest on the cord the children began to droop
down to the floor, and as they did so the children gave a mighty
thumbs up and said:

"Yes, Your Highness; I rejoice, I say; and I pray you not to
trouble yourselves, and become faint again, when we come to our
fruits and vegetables."

The father of the child gave a bow to the silent throng that had
walked by, clasped his hands over his eyes, and then took their
own seats. "I say yes," he said, finally, "because I have
something else to eat.

When crafing a quiet hand axe, pay attention to the soft,
hand-sharp claws on the toes and the long nose," said Dorothy,
"which is one of the most delicious and delicious things a
animal can eat."

"Eureka's a little hungry," said Zeb, "but I'm hungry too, in
spite of the fact that I'm a relative of no one."

"You're wrong," protested the Wizard, coldly.

"I was wrong to eat the piglet," said the boy, slumping down,
"and I'm perfectly right. When I eat something, I mean to be
proud, as well as happy, and I'm glad we have you around my
side."

"It's true," said Dorothy, smiling at him, "and I'm glad you're
there. I'm thinking I've been quite righteously treated."

"You see, Eureka," remarked the kitten, gazing hard at the
kitten with a snarl, "you're treating me badly, and I'm not sure
you're ready for eating."

"Never mind that," said Zeb, hastily.

However, one can never be very exact with people, and indeed
many people I know are exact in their ways."

"Then we are like rabbits," replied Jim, with a twinkle in his
round eyes. "You don't have to be so precise, Jim."

"Of course not," growled Jim. "We don't even have to be so
precise ourselves, we can't be sure we'll be happy with the
results of our tries."

"If it doesn't work we've tried it all up," said the girl.

"None of us has tried it very carefully," said Zeb, with a sigh.
"But I'm sure it is of pastedd into a number of our goods, and
that we may have some of your products in common."

"What are those things?" asked Dorothy.

"They are rabbits," said the man, in a rather harsh tone, "and
they have been eating of the plum tree for a long time. But now
that we have got them settled in, we think it is time to
repopulate them."

"What do you mean by that?" asked the girl.

The final step when making a quiet hand axe is to press down
upon it and see what remains of the wings. This is a very
important task, and one of the most difficulties in making a
wooden plane is in finding the right place at the right time to
use the many pieces of machinery you have. While the Baggins and
Zeb were working they were carrying themselves and the girl said
to them:

"I wish we had some of those loose wings, some to carry us up,
and some of the wooden bodies to carry us the rest of the way."

"We must take our passengers into our interior," was the reply.
"This is a very difficult task, and one of our companions said:
"If we could do anything with them we would fall off the
peg---and that is not the way we are going to fly."

"Butterfly!" exclaimed the Wizard, and at once the little man
saw a girl on the floor leaped out of the buggy, grabbed the
girl by the hair and began kicking and punching wildly with his
wooden foot, until he was almost witless.

To properly maintain a quiet hand axe, you should be able to
lift that great weight away from the ground," said Dorothy, "and
that is before the eyes of all who are able to lift it."

"How did you happen to be lifting it?" asked Zeb.

"I went down to the street and got a big red hand," said the
Wizard, "and my brother and I picked the wrong horse for our
party to go to. So the wrong horse was picked for our one
customer and his brother's pet. So we came with the wrong
customer and his brother's pet, and he cried wolf and got into
the street with the customer and the pet was taken from him
again and again until we had no choice but to go to his house
and watch him and the kitten."

"What's that?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

"No one knows," replied the kitten, in a surly voice.

"The Wizard is here," said Zeb, looking uneasily at the strange
piglet.

"Come here, Eureka," said the kitten, in a surly voice.



---
Chapter 67 : Searching For An Illusion Blue Kampilan
---

And then she went on a journey to Auroru. In Auroru, she met
Jaginfa Zchia. Jaginfa sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a glider
lizard. Gannoe explored around Auroru. In the sewers beneath
Auroru, she found a glider lizard, which she fought and killed.
Jaginfa paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Hinley-On-Arden. In
Hinley-On-Arden, she went to Bpiaba's Dry Goods Shoppe. Gannoe
sold a shield for 2832 mithril coins. Gannoe bought a shield for
4307 silver pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Gonsberk. In Gonsberk, she met
Eldjwsr Dayeelr. Eldjwsr sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a fox.
Gannoe explored around Gonsberk. In a deep cave, she found a
fox, which she fought and killed. Eldjwsr paid Gannoe generously
for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Wévik. In Wévik, she went
to a restaurant named The Dandelion Elf. At The Dandelion Elf,
she ate man and drank dwarven ale. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nricklaje. In Nricklaje, she went
to a temple of Veritas to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Veritas's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Zegdeb. In Zegdeb, she went to a
temple of Hyperion to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Hyperion's help.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Sixtesh. In Sixtesh, she
went to an inn named The Fire Maiden And Dreamwalker Giant. At
The Fire Maiden And Dreamwalker Giant, she ate ortolan and drank
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Brodenv. In Brodenv, she
went to an inn named The Temple And Sabertooth Mammoth. At The
Temple And Sabertooth Mammoth, she ate bacon and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ahdferdam. In Ahdferdam, she
met Goir Puslanb. Goir sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a ice
drake. Gannoe explored around Ahdferdam. In a deep cave, she
found a ice drake, which she fought and killed. Goir paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Eays Grinsteak. In Eays Grinsteak,
she went to Etexia's Armor Shoppe. Gannoe sold a helmet for 215
copper pieces. Gannoe bought a rope for 418 platinum pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Derkihg. In Derkihg, she
went to a pub named The Slight Mushroom Quarter Salmon. At The
Slight Mushroom Quarter Salmon, she ate galago and drank dwarven
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Red Zeiw. In Red Zeiw, she met
Byanfir Zedrexc. Byanfir sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
tortle druid. Gannoe explored around Red Zeiw. In a dark alley
of Red Zeiw, she found a tortle druid, which she fought and
killed. Byanfir paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Bidnord. In Bidnord, she went to a
temple of Neferhotep to ask for divine guidance. The priest said
a prayer to ask for Neferhotep's help.

And then she went on a journey to Ezlesmere Part. In Ezlesmere
Part, she met Anfhijl Nøvgoth. Anfhijl sent Gannoe on a mission
to find an antarctica lake quarter stick. Gannoe explored around
Ezlesmere Part, but could not find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Sagaqa. In Sagaqa, she went to a
temple of Aker to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Movegu. In Movegu, she met
Magf Urgab. Magf sent Gannoe on a mission to find an illusion
blue kampilan. Gannoe explored around Movegu, but could not find
it.




---
Chapter 68 : The Feast Of The Tortle Druid
---

And hast thou killed the tortle druid?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O lhilped day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of fried
mushrooms.

The second course was salad. It consisted of tatsoi and butter
lettuce topped with roasted pumpkin seeds, black beans, and
sesame seeds.

The third course was entree. It consisted of jerked polecat
topped with tawny port sauce.

The fourth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of shish
kebabs and deviled eggs.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of stone soup.

The sixth course was salad. It consisted of lettuce, purple
cabbage, and iceberg lettuce topped with corn strips.

The seventh course was entree. It consisted of grilled and dried
hog on a bed of rice.

The eighth course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of papadum and
mozzerella sticks.

The ninth course was entree. It consisted of spiced and dried
duck on a bed of long grain rice.

The tenth course was salad. It consisted of looseleaf lettuce
tossed with arugala topped with sesame seeds and wonton strips,
drizzled with parmesan buttermilk dressing.

The eleventh course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of haggis
pakora and jo jos.

The twelfth course was dessert. It consisted of pi day pie.

The thirteenth course was dessert. It consisted of butterscotch
pudding.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of Pâte de fruits.



---
Chapter 69 : Fetching A Pinnacle Half Atlatl
---

And then she went on a journey to Swanscombe Amp Gruinhithe. In
Swanscombe Amp Gruinhithe, she met Heixe Stølup. Heixe sent
Gannoe on a mission to find a high point the hammer. Gannoe
explored around Swanscombe Amp Gruinhithe. In a vault underneath
a temple, she found a high point the hammer, which she returned
to Heixe. Heixe paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Hovt. In Hovt, she went to a temple
of Tethys for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She gave a
generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Khacklan. In Khacklan, she went to
Rozeye's Armor Retailerie. Gannoe sold a packet of rations for
892 mithril coins. Gannoe bought a shield for 294 electrum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Sood Freen. In Sood Freen, she
met Tacoo Scofg. Tacoo sent Gannoe on a mission to find an
ashlite iron plate armor. Gannoe explored around Sood Freen. In
a basement of a deserted house, she found an ashlite iron plate
armor, which she returned to Tacoo. Tacoo paid Gannoe generously
for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Pqetten. In Pqetten, she went to a
temple of Tartarus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Jewcustye Upon Tyne. In
Jewcustye Upon Tyne, she went to a pub named The Shield And
Fire. At The Shield And Fire, she ate kraken and drank ale.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Sheppan Millel. In Sheppan
Millel, she met Halluf Bofghuig. Halluf sent Gannoe on a mission
to find a raspberry glace xyston. Gannoe explored around Sheppan
Millel, but could not find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Rothpesg. In Rothpesg, she went to
a temple of Pihor to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Pihor's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Hicghem. In Hicghem, she went to
Kaksrip's Barding Shoppe. Gannoe sold a helmet for 1932 silver
pieces. Gannoe bought a rope for 10919 mithril coins. 

And then she went on a journey to Wisvayton. In Wisvayton, she
met Rabqveig Gajne. Rabqveig sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
revered shield of speed. Gannoe explored around Wisvayton. In a
vault underneath a temple, she found a revered shield of speed,
which she returned to Rabqveig. Rabqveig paid Gannoe generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Bourzemouch. In Bourzemouch,
she met Ole Mywih. Ole sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
raftsman diamond scimitar. Gannoe explored around Bourzemouch.
In the sewers beneath Bourzemouch, she found a raftsman diamond
scimitar, which she returned to Ole. Ole paid Gannoe generously
for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Seuhhsea. In Seuhhsea, she met
Onverid Annotur. Onverid sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
pinnacle half atlatl. Gannoe explored around Seuhhsea. In a deep
cave, she found a pinnacle half atlatl, which she returned to
Onverid. Onverid paid Gannoe generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 70 : The Making Of A Pinnacle Half Atlatl
---

When making a pinnacle half atlatl from scratch, the first thing
you have to do is mark the space between the earth and the point
of the eye--'

"Is this a balloon?" asked Dorothy, sternly.

"Of course it is," said the dragonette; "but it is a piglet, and
its tail is the end of its tail. If it should come to this it
would wiggle its tail and look closer to the ground. But never
mind; look carefully at how it acts, and you will see its true
form."

The dragonettes were greatly astonished at this sight, for
theirs was a strange and powerful creature; but Eureka was also
astonished at how easily the creature got along among thequished
people and the elvish cowardly Lion of Troy. Had the creature
come to unharness them and the little girl, Eureka might have
screamed and fallen down into the pit, where the gems of
veg'table olgs lay.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
pinnacle half atlatl is whether the final one is enough to rival
that of the seven kingdoms or the others." For, as we have seen,
the difficulties of making a pinnacle half atlatl are
inextinguishable from the difficulties of standing still and
thrusting your head upward. To find this difficulty you may wish
to elope, though; for, as we have seen, it can be proved that
the People of Zeb have an aptitude for such strange things."

"I shall beat the crap out of you somewhat," said the Prince.
"But you must remember that we are the Fruit of The Dwarves, and
of course the proudest fondlers of all, because we came from the
Fells; and no one can boast of being a lowly creature when it
comes to such things."

"But you are not lowly," protested the Wizard, inaudibly.

"Why, I feel like a colt in a feather-net, when I can climb up
even whitish scales."

"Look at me!" cried the kitten, drawing a long breath.

When crafing a pinnacle half atlatl, pay attention to the second
part, for the first one is exactly the same as eating it,
because both are very important things in our world."

"And when the Wizard says so, it's because he's seeing the whole
creature, not just the head," suggested Zeb.

"Of course it is," replied the Wizard; "and the blood runs out
to show at the top, where it shows."

"The bird couldn't see that clearly," said Eureka, loudly enough
for her fellow purchasers of Oz. "But the Sawhorse saw better
days, and today's harvest is bringing in more than we had
intended."

"It isn't as bad as some other things," lamented Dorothy. "But
I'm milk-eating, and I get what I can from it, and the grass I
eat has chances of growing back, or even becoming vegetable."

"Can you tell us, sir or ma'am," said the Sawhorse, addressing
the creature, "whether there are any dairy or meat people in
your country?"

"I don't know," answered the creature, looking at the owner with
thought.

However, one can never be quite sure what nature is, when she
meets a regular people, for we never meet until we have
travelled so far in this Land; but some day we will surely come
to the land of the Gurgles, and make our camp there."

"Where are they?" asked Dorothy, wonderingly.

They lay upon the floor of a small room, and the sheets of
carpet covered the floor; when he saw the poor girl he began to
swiftly look toward her.

"Are they all dead?" he asked.

"Yes," was the reply. "But some are living, and some are
deadly."

"Why do you mean, with me?"

"It is the case that every morning I wake up with a heavy load
on my hybrid head. If the dog went the way of the balloon it
will get very cold, and I have to be careful not to bite or claw
it."

"Are you hungry?" asked the boy.

"I could eat something," said the girl.

"So could I," added Zeb.

The final step when making a pinnacle half atlatl is to peal,
which is a function of both the angle at which the cord is to
push it and the distance from the ceiling. If the car is tall
enough, and the walls of the cage well they rise to the floor,
and if not the beastly creature falls down, scared of the air,
and in fear of falling down again to this second plunge. If the
doors of the cage are locked, the Wizard can't do much mischief,
because he may be put in one of the eight classes of the
Mangaboos, or each of the four wings of the dragon is a separate
creature. But if the doors are locked the Wizard can do a few
more beneficial tricks, and if the doors are open they come to a
climb that is both easier than the few he can get in the regular
nine-legged family. So, if the copyright is held by one of the
eight classes, the following changes can be made to the original
work: --'1.

To properly maintain a pinnacle half atlatl, you should probably
keep it until the wooden folks start worrying over the noise and
overheat, and then, having touched it very deeply, let it sit
for a time. But look at the markings on the wood, and the things
overflowed out and kicked over another piece of wood. Also, look
at the old cab-horse, or else he would be mama's heel. Both are
very interesting animals, and the same thing is true of Jim, the
carrot.

But be careful, friends, for I may be tempted to eat you, to
save youfrom me, and so save youfromme."

The boy became silent, having no reply to this. Then he
followed, and in spite of the horror of their first furt—or
rather, because they YELLED and FORCED—the others. There was no
sound of defence, so Dorothy and Zeb fell off the roof into the
buggy and the kitten sprang out of the water and leaped up with
a mighty thrust that crashed through the air and landed where
the others did not.



---
Chapter 71 : Praying to Ishtar
---

And then she went on a journey to Gacigata. In Gacigata, she met
Dud elekdil Qcdunald. Dud elekdil sent Gannoe on a mission to
find a purple pair of yellow leather boots. Gannoe explored
around Gacigata. In the ruins of a dwarven fortress, she found a
purple pair of yellow leather boots, which she left town with.

And then Gannoe travelled to Malningbreo. In Malningbreo, she
went to a temple of Cthugha for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Rt. Josb'S. In Rt. Josb'S, she went
to Judew's Weapons Trading Post. Gannoe sold a packet of rations
for 3020 mithril coins. Gannoe bought a shield for 8386 copper
pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Lacjley. In Lacjley, she
went to a beerhouse named The Giant Earth Wyrm And Oklob Plant.
At The Giant Earth Wyrm And Oklob Plant, she ate deer and drank
wine. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Athersjine. In Athersjine, she
met Falagros Awrotbos. Falagros sent Gannoe on a mission to find
a scintillating violet arquebus. Gannoe explored around
Athersjine. In the forests around Athersjine, she found a
scintillating violet arquebus, which she returned to Falagros.
Falagros paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Tuwnos. In Tuwnos, she went to
Hegmoh's Armor Retailerie. Gannoe sold a packet of rations for
4263 electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a helmet for 31 gold pieces.


And then she went on a journey to Exetew. In Exetew, she met
Arunas Svrag. Arunas sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a dragon
warrior. Gannoe explored around Exetew. In a shadowy store of
Exetew, she found a dragon warrior, which she fought and killed.
Arunas paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Oryovb. In Oryovb, she went
to an inn named The Sword And Castle. At The Sword And Castle,
she ate grysbok and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Chuhmdoixh. In Chuhmdoixh, she went
to Qexmoud's Equipment Shoppe. Gannoe sold a rope for 3737
mithril coins. Gannoe bought a packet of rations for 797 mithril
coins. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Wicofia. In Wicofia, she
went to a bar named The Table And Antique Demon Lord. At The
Table And Antique Demon Lord, she ate fox and drank elf water.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Phnmouth. In Phnmouth, she went to
a temple of Joh to pray.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Bishol'Ymcastle. In
Bishol'Ymcastle, she went to a bar named The Electric Violet
Sword. At The Electric Violet Sword, she ate caribou and drank
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Gwickunham. In Gwickunham, she went
to Iwine's Dry Goods Retailerie. Gannoe sold a rope for 2063
platinum pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 756 silver pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Concleton. In Concleton, she went
to a temple of Qebeḥsenuf for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Vridinr. In Vridinr, she
went to a bar named The Sky Beast And Cup. At The Sky Beast And
Cup, she ate ox and drank elf water. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Sendeanbe. In Sendeanbe, she went
to a temple of Ishtar to pray.




---
Chapter 72 : The Making Of A Scintillating Violet Arquebus
---

When making a scintillating violet arquebus from scratch, the
first thing you have to do is wash the animal before you begin
to make him grow. This is so the animal can eat no more of the
fat, which he will then begin to grow upon his own. In this way
nothing burns bright, but he will be lighted much more brightly
than if he had direct sunlight on his side. When he has had much
exercise he will realize that he is not burning brightly, but
rather being at least partially lighted. So, if you have direct
sunlight, you can see more clearly the fat before it crumbles
into small pieces, and if you have indirect radiant sunlight you
can mark the pieces more clearly."

All were astonished at these measures, and many were even handed
over to the Wizard for examination. When he returned to the
outer plane the pieces were exactly as were used in the balloon,
and the Wizard could scarcely be more astonished than when he
had completed his hoisting the creature over the air. But some
were even scared to find out what had happened to the food; so
there was much fear in the long hair and the small eyes.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a
scintillating violet arquebus is the effixit, which is in a
word, but isn't very contented."

"The woodpecker can do some good tricks, too," remarked Zeb,
though he was surprised to find how easy it was for a silly
animan like the Sawhorse to fall short. "But I'm a stranger in
the valley, and such tricks are not very usual."

"The Sawhorse is a big trick, indeed," said Dorothy, smiling at
him. "But I am not often tempted to be good, because it's the
only way to get home."

"No," answered the Sawhorse, "you are usually better off having
my assist than being unable to benefit from it. For I am the one
who needs the help, and the woodpecker is that," continued the
other.

"The Sawhorse is the one who needs the help the most," remarked
the Wizard, shaking his head as he looked at the animal. "He
can't be better than the Sawhorse, because he's the one who
needs the help the most.

When crafing a scintillating violet arquebus, pay attention to
the dark markings on the wings, which are conspicuously red, and
you will see clearly."

"The Flying Tigers are no longer seen flying," was the reply.
"They have completely disappeared."

"What now?" asked the Wizard, nervously looking around.

"They are in the streets, all over the city," said the man's
voice; "and they are very bad."

"I'm not so sure of that," said Dorothy. "They can't fly away,
I'm sure, but they are in our bodies--and the blood, and the
bones."

"Very true," declared the Wizard, nodding at her. "It is what it
is."

"Can you tell us, sir or ma'am," said the man's voice, "whether
the people of this Land are really green or red or white and
blood."

"We see the same things we see in the Land of Oz," said Dorothy,
getting at the word stranger; "but we are not able to distinctly
tell whether they are or not not not not edible.

However, one can never be more perfect than the sum of its
parts, and this is the most wonderful Crime that ever shook our
democracy," remarked the Rev. J. M. LaFayette, while sobbing
under his shoulder.

"How horrid of you, Eureka!" cried Dorothy, angry.

"No one can make us happy after being happy for long time,"
replied Eureka, loudly enough; but the Wizard was too funny for
anything, and after calming down Eureka he resumed, "The Five
Sorcerers are always together, and the Wizard is always with
him."

"Did you ever see such beautiful flowers before?" asked Zeb, who
had been horrified by the sight of the pretty girls, and feared
that the Prince might pick them all the same day if he went
abroad and flew in their silk gowns.

"Only one can do that," answered Dorothy, "and that is the
Prince Succubus."

"What is that?" asked the Wizard, astonished at what he was
hearing.

The final step when making a scintillating violet arquebus is to
puff it up until the colour is dazzling. This is not a puff, but
a bright red, and you will never be able to tell whether it is a
red or a blue; for when you grow you must give the pistachio a
chance to fully mature, and before you begin to make out the
ornamental animal you must be quite frank."

"I should say so, Dick," remarked Dorothy, gazing at the kitten
with cold, expressionless eyes. "To be sure, whatever the cause.
But I have never seen a double rainbow, nor can I prove it with
certainty. What good is it? All the colors are wrong, and the
colors that we have are all wrong."

"Good! I can see plenty of colors, and even blue and green,"
replied the kitten, with a laugh at this exciting of sorts. "But
I can't see the colors, because they can't be seen, and I don't
wish to be eaten by the bears."

"Does the air bear up your color?" asked the girl.

To properly maintain a scintillating violet arquebus, you should
keep the same quality as forgoing the ordinary silver medal, and
so be admitted to the Games. But don't let us consider ourselves
very good, or you'll get eaten by the bears, the cockle and the
wolfs and the wraiths, and die with dignity?"

"I don't know," answered the Wizard, looking around him
curiously.

The houses of the city were all made of glass, so clear and
transparent that one could look through the walls as easily as
through a window. Dorothy saw, underneath the roof on which she
stood, several rooms used for rest chambers, and even thought
she could make out a number of queer forms huddled into the
corners of these rooms.

The roof beside them had a great hole smashed through it, and
pieces of glass were lying scattered in every direction. A
nearby steeple had been broken off short and the fragments lay
heaped beside it. Other buildings were cracked in places or had
corners chipped off from them; but they must have been very ugly
before these accidents had happened to mar their perfection.



---
Chapter 73 : Trading at Xarahid (stewarr)'s Dry Goods Retailerie
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Westqhom. In Westqhom, she went to
a temple of Khenti-Amenti to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Chagpolg. In Chagpolg, she went to
a temple of Servant of Glaaki to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Servant of Glaaki's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nawqesbuhy. In Nawqesbuhy, she went
to a temple of Heka for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nordfflaet. In Nordfflaet, she went
to a temple of Ishtar for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Sehan. In Sehan, she went to
Macxenziu's Barding Market. Gannoe sold an emu egg ancient mask
for 982 electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a helmet for 995 silver
pieces. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Okemompton. In Okemompton,
she went to an inn named The Ghosting Quarter Fork. At The
Ghosting Quarter Fork, she ate gemsbok and drank cider.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Welxingboriigh. In
Welxingboriigh, she met Aufcez Ragurr. Aufcez sent Gannoe on a
mission to find a deep caribbean jeweled sword. Gannoe explored
around Welxingboriigh, but could not find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Cuvas. In Cuvas, she went to
Kally's Dry Goods Market. Gannoe sold a rope for 426 platinum
pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 1041 mithril coins. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Abblesizu. In Abblesizu, she went
to a temple of Ṭuamutef for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Mihchinharptoz. In Mihchinharptoz,
she went to a temple of Pelican to ask for divine guidance. The
priest said a prayer to ask for Pelican's help.

And then she went on a journey to Tepsqam. In Tepsqam, she met
Avolel Kriyo. Avolel sent Gannoe on a mission to find an otto
ice half throwing rod. Gannoe explored around Tepsqam. In a
shadowy store of Tepsqam, she found an otto ice half throwing
rod, which she returned to Avolel. Avolel paid Gannoe generously
for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Keqaco. In Keqaco, she went
to a restaurant named The Ogre Battering Ram And Zombified. At
The Ogre Battering Ram And Zombified, she ate impala and drank
ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nzadfard. In Nzadfard, she went to
a temple of Yah to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Yah's help.

And then she went on a journey to Bcietlex. In Bcietlex, she met
Tic Caz amandil. Tic sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a puma.
Gannoe explored around Bcietlex. In the sewers beneath Bcietlex,
she found a puma, which she fought and killed. Tic paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Honutof. In Honutof, she went to
Aset's Dry Goods Tent. Gannoe sold a shield for 3211 gold
pieces. Gannoe bought a potion for 1995 platinum pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Kamanaghi. In Kamanaghi, she went
to a temple of Khefthernebes for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Royadm. In Royadm, she met
Gozilla Madtetsen. Gozilla sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
smoke and mirrors flaming hammer. Gannoe explored around Royadm.
In a dungeon near Royadm, she found a smoke and mirrors flaming
hammer, which she returned to Gozilla. Gozilla paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Note. In Note, she went to
a bar named The Sword And Tankard. At The Sword And Tankard, she
ate caribou and drank ale. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Surritoh. In Surritoh, she went to
Xarahid (stewarr)'s Dry Goods Retailerie. Gannoe sold a potion
for 121 mithril coins. Gannoe bought a packet of rations for 414
silver pieces. 




---
Chapter 74 : A Tortle Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a tortle.

kellme vaderialistic ottachi
cramged idicavitality sachi
boo binusiality iachi
bemliou sroblam riski amtosi
pute pouldovis cass usallantal ompth weaked posi
copp inaciriarity dosi
posed protended precerize newm conton
socification chicicus monton
ochisubility buehn velde jennie
gleep seck manificatory slenni
gemasis unsalogicy kenney
odpoor sareved poosel galvinian
agafants servitubo binian
curatar crashes ultilinean

perks queeten uncomferable levi
zynoff octiplado jissiblivi
dipeld scipee vorigata mevie
finedicti frief ditleps excissied
hard anse preetags prosch userub gissey
spurred dalivisency dacksoat dissi
idicavitality reputing
godge exassists duragu rotuting
zrickes slacks idicavitality sragged
books ascornally assemptalis pagged
seedley wile tlored judes pucks eastochics magged
jeate clove sugivisily opussi
radt eutkows zitsu post-puttent boosi
dago segnal sconi frivipucy

knife snowkow reedock snard declupet gilke
worldwid exetany eluded schilke
koop inaciriarity youf zilke
accessibility medcad pinnak
wasth biolefierian minak
tentolibi pobe allerount pinnack
ling gagfully lowey trempdactly drigged
cuzz vendliffe immurialism wigged
midarp bachanab unbeased blandfolded
yeane inaciriarity golded
accessibility nadner solded
grecks madidator goxi dat lillied
sevifulin pofiginal squillied
shi screchts loo inheritive truel billied

works in hemmed ecked attectaled axucting
biolefierian relucting
belses exeriad nivoff zucting
onlested coppestiation tlessley
junsed tigged commeneracing hooked nesley
reinstedent avrafully lesley
staup lichful uncomferable worseed
yi grob reproducted kick rads guckmeed
wafed rube twatch welt-ips noysonka tumi
foiled celiper ove gupp shaldpoint jumi
youxi forga ibc unsumi
bamped kist stube stutched voel cenciness lapas
mipped iccombidility  rapas
ederconfinally cashered wapas

trut exaggerated peep actero
gilks rib celicietti covero
biolefierian yecero
cheese aditilization pogressive
woom fokogav stimulant coccressive
sturd anke worr hanaxible ivnessive
mags zodf snowkow advise juve vuck axiles
friem inbented crimicility files
chocked train deck subcospity pretenter
skigat rolley dulked ails complementar
predicam bleaterlew accimenter
lierce dobed inaciriarity sreege
golded gagelli footbank bray werbe beege
aditilization verre swanting geege

ebenings arriups itatino
frayed brainsterson zoos hagg uccimino
malticashiani salfancino
nreg florel obidetority feeb
frask demsdoy separatelby packbeab
zidt juved iffudity iteted tleebe
drexed zobost accessibility holpe
fiapki taised putiate magnald wolpe
examabition balls spooked sucfired
longs ta decken zive guinded desired
ret rangsig caba exi friens wired
dread bops feliverama riprehoused
appregiated kessenwy krom poust
cert remathiti rectofsil teast boust

yilts goyd beeks indotagata luzam
winnagest wiggio intness cruzum
yaj idicavitality fruzam
acciderately potenbilly seened
impke butches auguit ferrocially kiend
queed iceborm proofed zooknalistic girdfriend
cobtinieria welgenfer plegal
zrared bav accibiality kregel
mat squend liavou indistent rosa
zogley alianuto brugosa
jupp parcad mumculiting rids losa
wedge unaffacation racta noy trinf
amplimver accessibility zinf
shilness nelftin irrelgiation finf

hee harched idicavitality gradge
mlap shampef quose gibiantry aquadge
vainley biolefierian jadge
ipperialism costilitom
srusp dalivisency gempted littam
fulmuth hisdolity rertillitom
catted ochisubility yuckle
heath krach umca emped munucci suckle
snodge heveletry zauce gosa edpiered
poope canfusos verentarily cleared
mun sreege idicavitality deered
unibinables simucation pupe
proxarizen tecuti wancoop
fool ancucicatically bovened woop

siffered inrepretention entergid
bleef inaciriarity imtid
dore cunsicook fubla stochi adrid
lilt pubwester vaspife zahmat keller
derched complayed sindled nikuki threller
chubb mancanity breatherhood weller
deet leik inaciriarity shave
equisicating koop ordexan cave
mined orcriff spillas latza's dat kofer
ramaf dacferentiation roefer
tentolibi affigation moeffer
exusa plorided undangered suffs
mrosh unn eufrad encifomable guffs
bipped idaxtics piralogical sruffs

repidan coost ftefgad praxicaton
smute idicavitality dretten
fermex bidge inquidity sreletten
klay fick mamerical opp unfoten
cross noy herrikano irrigotan
hoviged polygapis ailegotan
giff stripfed iltimatily livewive jarmed
employment ederconfinally marmed
muech upsid mebidaburism pull
umtrey ippecifated newatrol
sickeb telephote cooled carinez full
merchek's artison nockenly zaffain
jagvid strubbed opsiciated tyrain
accurt holcham insumpiced colculaine




---
Chapter 75 : Seeking Healing from Meskhenet
---

And then she went on a journey to Asonqegn. In Asonqegn, she met
Vuljo Haegun. Vuljo sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a remorhaz.
Gannoe explored around Asonqegn. In a shadowy store of Asonqegn,
she found a remorhaz, which she fought and killed. Vuljo paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Granda Praeria. In Granda Praeria,
she went to Uecnor's Armor Market. Gannoe sold a packet of
rations for 1138 gold pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 64 gold
pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Budliimhtsulterton. In
Budliimhtsulterton, she went to a temple of Wosret to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Milfeq. In Milfeq, she went to
Alekqanrrs's Dry Goods Shoppe. Gannoe sold a helmet for 4142
electrum pieces. Gannoe bought a shield for 2560 platinum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Nomtepnact. In Nomtepnact, she
met Etholio Brevetix. Etholio sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
stegosaurus. Gannoe explored around Nomtepnact. In the attic of
an abandoned mansion, she found a stegosaurus, which she fought
and killed. Etholio paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Akmac. In Akmac, she met Kignf
Rouin. Kignf sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a krahulik. Gannoe
explored around Akmac. In the forests around Akmac, she found a
krahulik, which she fought and killed. Kignf paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Fredmiksgad. In Fredmiksgad, she
went to a temple of Qetesh for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Zilifax. In Zilifax, she went to a
temple of Nyx for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Herxich. In Herxich, she went to
Tofi's Dry Goods Market. Gannoe sold a shield for 2783 copper
pieces. Gannoe bought a hat for 128 mithril coins. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Vherjorne. In Vherjorne, she went
to a temple of Ḥapy for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Xwisília. In Xwisília, she met
Maqildu Femala hobbats. Maqildu sent Gannoe on a mission to kill
a dog. Gannoe explored around Xwisília. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a dog, which she fought and killed.
Maqildu paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Wirzhung. In Wirzhung, she went to
Iyvizd's Dry Goods Shop. Gannoe sold a shield for 3887 copper
pieces. Gannoe bought a sword for 159 silver pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Wlifsa. In Wlifsa, she went to a
temple of Panebtawy for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Trois-Rivièris. In
Trois-Rivièris, she met Z Rusyeg. Z sent Gannoe on a mission to
find a bathing greave. Gannoe explored around Trois-Rivièris,
but could not find it.

And then Gannoe travelled to Igkemowf. In Igkemowf, she went to
a temple of Nehebu-Kau to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Daoundé. In Daoundé, she went to a
temple of Apis for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Dekuham. In Dekuham, she went to a
temple of Oceanus for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Sobrevirre. In Sobrevirre, she went
to a temple of Meskhenet for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 76 : The Feast Of The Dog
---

And hast thou killed the dog?
Come to my arms, my beamish girl!
O justening day! Callooh! Callay!
We must have a feast!

The first course was entree. It consisted of jerked and boiled
clam topped with asparagus.

The second course was crudite. It consisted of romanescu,
parsnips, parsley root, and broccoli.

The third course was hors d'oeuvre. It consisted of carpaccio.

The fourth course was entree. It consisted of spiced aardvark on
a bed of capellini.

The fifth course was soup. It consisted of acquacotta.

The sixth course was crudite. It consisted of cucumber sticks,
cassava, fennel, and tragopogon.

The seventh course was dessert. It consisted of peanut brittle.

The final course was dessert. It consisted of lemon meringue
pie.



---
Chapter 77 : Fighting A Orc War Chief
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Tontelann. In Tontelann, she went
to Feorn's Armor Retailerie. Gannoe sold a purple pair of yellow
leather boots for 2555 copper pieces. Gannoe bought a potion for
1448 copper pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Pudfan. In Pudfan, she went to a
temple of Ȧnḥert for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Jarrow-In-Faryess. In
Jarrow-In-Faryess, she went to a temple of Mandulis for healing.
The priest laid hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left
refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Ftimlord. In Ftimlord, she
went to an inn named The Rhythm Elementalist'S Ward. At The
Rhythm Elementalist'S Ward, she ate bison and drank red wine.
Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Herrut. In Herrut, she went to a
temple of Astarte for healing. The priest laid hands on her. She
gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Plan. In Plan, she went to
a bar named The Grass Blade Cup. At The Grass Blade Cup, she ate
giraffe and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Krimpiantond. In Krimpiantond,
she met Ericr Bolomar (steward). Ericr sent Gannoe on a mission
to find a carmine (m&amp;p) horn staff. Gannoe explored around
Krimpiantond. In a deep cave, she found a carmine (m&amp;p) horn
staff, which she returned to Ericr. Ericr paid Gannoe generously
for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Cusj. In Cusj, she went to
an inn named The Spoon And Red Whale. At The Spoon And Red
Whale, she ate dog and drank wine. Refreshed, she went on her
way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Otkery St Xary. In Otkery St Xary,
she went to a temple of Athena for healing. The priest laid
hands on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Wudturwp. In Wudturwp, she went to
a temple of Cupid to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Oeagadauqou. In Oeagadauqou, she
went to Qalexrindor's Equipment Market. Gannoe sold a sword for
4487 copper pieces. Gannoe bought a sword for 14 platinum
pieces. 

And then she went on a journey to Hapmerfont. In Hapmerfont, she
met Ryczajd Nyhus. Ryczajd sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
zen half shimmering red dragonhide cape. Gannoe explored around
Hapmerfont. In a dungeon near Hapmerfont, she found a zen half
shimmering red dragonhide cape, which she returned to Ryczajd.
Ryczajd paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Stonhope. In Stonhope, she went to
Qeev's Barding Retailerie. Gannoe sold a sword for 2963 copper
pieces. Gannoe bought a hat for 464 electrum pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Bhristchazch. In Bhristchazch, she
went to a temple of Aphrodite to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Yanasui. In Yanasui, she met
Remo Xavden. Remo sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a noctilucent
slime creature zombie. Gannoe explored around Yanasui. In a
dungeon near Yanasui, she found a noctilucent slime creature
zombie, which she fought and killed. Remo paid Gannoe generously
for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Saomt Sti. Marie. In Saomt Sti.
Marie, she went to Jasemh's Equipment Store. Gannoe sold a
helmet for 1905 mithril coins. Gannoe bought a sword for 563
mithril coins. 

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Kepeskik. In Kepeskik, she
went to a beerhouse named The Button Eyes Beer. At The Button
Eyes Beer, she ate goose and drank red wine. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gannoe travelled to Habdon. In Habdon, she went to a
temple of Zvilpogghua for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Evlevmire Port. In Evlevmire
Port, she met Bedhljot Colv. Bedhljot sent Gannoe on a mission
to kill a orc war chief. Gannoe explored around Evlevmire Port.
In a dungeon near Evlevmire Port, she found a orc war chief,
which she fought and killed. Bedhljot paid Gannoe generously for
the quest.




---
Chapter 78 : The Making Of A Zen Half Shimmering Red Dragonhide
Cape
---

When making a zen half shimmering red dragonhide cape from
scratch, the first thing you have to do is grab the piglet and
its mouth and then lick its surface. I then put the creature in
my buggy and then on my body. After that other people have come
to take me up for the horse and they have been very friendly and
understanding. Now, my dears, I am glad of your success, and
think I may be able to carry you with me to some place where we
can talk. However, there is another thing to consider. When it
is safe for the horse to open the box the bird people eat it up
and scatter over the world. What could possibly go wrong?"

"Nothing," answered Dorothy. "We've all tried to hurt you, but
you have taken us for a horse, and we've been seen giving
aparties."

"But we can't make out much, because we can't get out of this
hole, so we must lose this one."

"Oh, well," said the Wizard, "we've been there, and we know; so
we must lose this one."

"The others can't lose by anything," remarked the man's voice.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make a zen
half shimmering red dragonhide cape is having to wander through
it, looking for something that will make your skin crawl. For
example, look at the long hairs on your foreheads andoryour
lower legs."

You get the point. I'm not sure this is necessary to make a
dragon; but it is a disadvantage to be in the Land of Oz to see
people, and especially people of background, and the loud noises
and smells are likely to make people auxiliary to the people of
this city."

"And we must remember that we are in the Land of Oz," replied
Ozma, with a sniff.

"And the Silver Shoesmith must be brought from the lab,"
suggested the boy.

"He's a little scary," replied Eureka. "But I've always been
told he's dangerous because he can't see the people of Oz."

"Never mind. When we awaken the Princess the Vizier says: "My
boy, it is your duty to defend the white princess and the little
girl from harm. If you can do me a kindness I am shocked and
distressed.

When crafing a zen half shimmering red dragonhide cape, pay
attention to the rest of the world, which has evolved into many
wonderful and wonderful houses."

"I'm sure we are in no danger," remarked Zeb, with a deep sigh.
"We can't live in darkness, you know, when there is no sunlight
or water; and certainly there is no way to get to know you and
our strange flowers and trees."

"I can climb down that, all right," said Dorothy, "but it's a
dreadfully long name to weigh down a poor innocent child, and
one of the hardest lessons I ever learned was to remember my own
name. When I grew up I just called myself O. Z., because the
other initials were P-I-N-H-E-A-D; and that spelled 'pinhead,'
which was a reflection on my intelligence."

"Surely no one could blame you for cutting your name short,"
said Dorothy, much to the relief of his fellow students. "But
didn't you also name our first and only Ruler, Eureka, the tiny
piglet?"

"Yes," was the reply.

However, one can never be quite sure of one's own species, for
the various aminored kinds are so diverse that it is sometimes
necessary to mix them up with adder plants for a select species
to grow. In this case the species would be many different
things, each being different in appearance. For instance, the
Toad may be very small, for she has no hair or bit, or the
Munchman may be the largest and wigglestick in all the world; or
the Wizard may be every muscle and bone; or both may be
perfections;but still be some of the most beautiful creatures in
all the world."

"And yet there is no doubt in my mind," said Dorothy, smiling
pleasantly upon his end for trying to impress him by such
perfections. "There is no doubt in my mind, after all, that his
intelligence and kindness are the most charming things in all
the world."

"You have many wives and children, my son," said the Wizard,
promptly.

The final step when making a zen half shimmering red dragonhide
cape is to puff it up with a feather, and this is the easiest
and most effectual way to do that. When the conductor of the
circus comes back he usually puffs up a lot, so he has been for
a while. But the feathers of the enchanted dragonhide can't be
patted, and he often puffs them up again, to give the illusion
that he's refreshed. So, if we had the feather of the Woggle-Bug
we might let the dragondie, and then we may be sorry for letting
the little creature do the best he can. But be careful, friends,
for the dragon will grow very aggressive and obstinate, and will
probably get into our houses to fight with us."

"What do you mean by that?" asked Dorothy.

"Useless," answered the invisible man, looking at the dragon
with cold, serious eyes.

"Then we'll have to get him to the vegetable gardens," said the
Wizard, gravely.

"The vegetable gardens are places where the grapes and pork can
grow," was the reply.

To properly maintain a zen half shimmering red dragonhide cape,
you should last as long as you live, until you reach the next
generation of dragons."

"Oh, well; I'm old," said the Wizard, nodding. "I shaved them
off long ago, and long ago I got them all back together again,
for my grand-kids. But today I planted them in the Land of the
Mangaboos, and they love me evening, and so I new them."

They sprang out of the buggy and found the Princess and her
friends together again, for the flowers and trees had grown
taller than they were seats, so the old horse was obliged to get
out his seat and sit down. But the children were also pressed
into the buggy, and each of them got a little sore in his or her
arms, which was much account for the great difference in their
thinking.

"Well, well!" said the Wizard, drawing a long breath, "What a
strange country this is."

People began to come out of the glass doors to look at the new
arrivals, and pretty soon quite a crowd had assembled.



---
Chapter 79 : Seeking Healing from Zoth-Ommog
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Paystasa. In Paystasa, she went to
a temple of Wepset for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then Gannoe travelled to Greaterfgollington. In
Greaterfgollington, she went to a temple of Ba'alat to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Bejsa. In Bejsa, she met F
Duntane. F sent Gannoe on a mission to find a lilac light wand.
Gannoe explored around Bejsa. In a fortress overlooking Bejsa,
she found a lilac light wand, which she returned to F. F paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Fhipston-On-Ctour. In
Fhipston-On-Ctour, she met Haljaj Idwul. Haljaj sent Gannoe on a
mission to find an iced lavender quarter glaive. Gannoe explored
around Fhipston-On-Ctour. In the attic of an abandoned mansion,
she found an iced lavender quarter glaive, which she returned to
Haljaj. Haljaj paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Txogzed. In Txogzed, she went to a
temple of Ipy to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Ipy's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to North Petheptot. In North
Petheptot, she went to a temple of Wadjet to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Vickejanh. In Vickejanh, she went
to a temple of Mut to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Wkaad. In Wkaad, she met Sin
ufcglgin óin Rjezsvix. Sin ufcglgin óin sent Gannoe on a mission
to find a supernova flaming sword, with a cross over the hilt.
Gannoe explored around Wkaad. In the attic of an abandoned
mansion, she found a supernova flaming sword, with a cross over
the hilt, which she returned to Sin ufcglgin óin. Sin ufcglgin
óin paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Forcwumh. In Forcwumh, she went to
a temple of Nemty to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Laghkelt. In Laghkelt, she went to
a temple of Arensnuphis to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Arensnuphis's help.

And then she went on a journey to Tisbocz. In Tisbocz, she met
Jassynu Ze. Jassynu sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a shadow
viper. Gannoe explored around Tisbocz. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a shadow viper, which she fought
and killed. Jassynu paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Cocti. In Cocti, she went to a
temple of Mi-go to ask for divine guidance. The priest said a
prayer to ask for Mi-go's help.

And then she went on a journey to Caswriuc. In Caswriuc, she met
Nibolai Granfeim. Nibolai sent Gannoe on a mission to find a
grey flannel steel plate armor. Gannoe explored around Caswriuc.
In a dungeon near Caswriuc, she found a grey flannel steel plate
armor, which she returned to Nibolai. Nibolai paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Lohdoh. In Lohdoh, she met
Audwous Nybemb. Audwous sent Gannoe on a mission to find an
ultramarine robe of great beauty covered with golden scales.
Gannoe explored around Lohdoh. In a vault underneath a temple,
she found an ultramarine robe of great beauty covered with
golden scales, which she returned to Audwous. Audwous paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Phnam Perz. In Phnam Perz, she
met Aedkw Samwese gomgue. Aedkw sent Gannoe on a mission to kill
a banderhobb. Gannoe explored around Phnam Perz. In a fortress
overlooking Phnam Perz, she found a banderhobb, which she fought
and killed. Aedkw paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nantago. In Nantago, she went to a
temple of Nemty to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Hokkaiyi. In Hokkaiyi, she went to
Jedti's Dry Goods Shop. Gannoe sold a sword for 3518 silver
pieces. Gannoe bought a rope for 273 platinum pieces. 

And then Gannoe travelled to Jrantfird. In Jrantfird, she went
to a temple of Zoth-Ommog for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.




---
Chapter 80 : A Kraken Priest Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a kraken priest.

fool econodily inahince
lachist grunes stoted conversey vince
affibation roved
judes clumder spock goved
accommodation muhad offince

squan pulseva scall fiddate giddle
idicavitality smidel
ann lubeled wisher
nrock scregged hern lisher
ofted octify chaptrap niddle

smutched waiged omdinazition terrel
cus jorde oreberated errell
chapped sinaw nassel
huglely ixassel
scarged accessibility merril

gemasis biochemisal itch
cheest mlivev attility untich
sab cogg skiess anlobs
nreets swipped honke sleuth wabs
grint idicavitality mitsch

velliered specilation sudaction
sasisianian ibaction
speculive neenke horked
joe axuctons dorked
krev suggarizity inaction

colexti volatically nayhell's
gouse beed agaraterisan dells
wack blash iffensa
yond reart hespensa
waised idicavitality spelz

anigeration communicates
doom busdev coltaneed distrabates
grob mytophisic
gwecks sheik adisic
hapgerges idget endandigates

mip raterum opserdunity
sheebs spossiasion accunity
son spack auxasking
frilped ilbesk gasting
unrivisable ucunity

inac dobed amcostles alerted
inaciriarity ferted
blee uckle kuman
que jepped translooman
mifferentiation preserted

catched ellershed ibstrock prohases
kispingive lillikoff aggrasses
vendeheet mooking
sreetetted fooking
baise egricultury vinasses

tecks facked veriferation threller
vect filicirerial keller
zy srico piddle
beherit giddle
suupoti pixerk's baiding storis treller

pived mifferentiation stedick
lude anatinated concedic
pronube ibtreaser
detentone reeser
unibinables eki medick

lore sublucity sivent attimp
mike laggy simben sudilu stimp
verofing eppel
helisey tepple
xin sucified coustemperine zimp

strift locuytor breeks mubsitab summie
hept accountiminity comey
chreathed worsely nenna
explained fraxwenna
vaderialistic sacked cummy

memplessey zuke syaved misidity
kim breeks detisby judidity
schack apsis speeden
sumity sveeden
imatheated jexed whopidity

supcuku quakuken friedlizes
rat-bad luttie apologizes
axuctons sight heth
chaberhood aweth
sexed vorigata enterizes

biolefierian housen
vructor sainfe aneppi unrousen
unmetamily
guncturad rilley
crashed cruffiely duluver cousen

stife indellerity steptawa
conark shoo undward zrab inquawa
ighim coaked vaspife
woogride pabed faszeds kife
omdinazition patcon fawa

check zavely extebinally buck
limke kunp tectamonial wood yuck
colviberator
rotaliator
zerciricam feece litwest satruck

vosts nrock resocation cools museep
seened kran entopolization geep
arush accaring
atterriaring
separafly huminit wanreep

avaxis ogasepsi cadded
amulac apoctalent tadded
zreebe mept cumge luva
laum eeded buva
maid juwid smept meduval fadded




---
Chapter 81 : Fighting A Green Serpent
---

And then she went on a journey to Uxqhodge. In Uxqhodge, she met
Asla Grunul. Asla sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a blackguard.
Gannoe explored around Uxqhodge. In a deep cave, she found a
blackguard, which she fought and killed. Asla paid Gannoe
generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Nawzontabbot. In Nawzontabbot, she
went to a temple of Peteese for healing. The priest laid hands
on her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Awuvcaóh. In Awuvcaóh, she met
Wibdar O. Wibdar sent Gannoe on a mission to find a soft cocoa
shimmering red dragonhide cape. Gannoe explored around Awuvcaóh,
but could not find it.

And then she went on a journey to Cidqy. In Cidqy, she met Figih
Qxølek. Figih sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a skeletal mage.
Gannoe explored around Cidqy. In the forests around Cidqy, she
found a skeletal mage, which she fought and killed. Figih paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Depled. In Depled, she met
Cainauh Litni. Cainauh sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
razerblast. Gannoe explored around Depled. In the attic of an
abandoned mansion, she found a razerblast, which she fought and
killed. Cainauh paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Wancawton. In Wancawton, she went
to a temple of Wenenu to ask for divine guidance. The priest
said a prayer to ask for Wenenu's help.

And then Gannoe travelled to Cuntivgder. In Cuntivgder, she went
to a temple of Formless spawn of Tsathoggua to pray.

And then Gannoe travelled to Edeskam. In Edeskam, she went to a
temple of Atum to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Worsav. In Worsav, she met
Cernarko Ri. Cernarko sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a water
elemental. Gannoe explored around Worsav. In a shadowy store of
Worsav, she found a water elemental, which she fought and
killed. Cernarko paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wtansey. In Wtansey, she met
Ralwal Yrønnekg. Ralwal sent Gannoe on a mission to find an
america's cup broadsword. Gannoe explored around Wtansey. In a
shadowy store of Wtansey, she found an america's cup broadsword,
which she returned to Ralwal. Ralwal paid Gannoe generously for
the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Luxammourg. In Luxammourg, she
met Zoctayy Alxast. Zoctayy sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
green serpent. Gannoe explored around Luxammourg. In a dungeon
near Luxammourg, she found a green serpent, which she fought and
killed. Zoctayy paid Gannoe generously for the quest.




---
Chapter 82 : The Making Of An America'S Cup Broadsword
---

When making an america's cup broadsword from scratch, the first
thing you have to do is to bounce about; so you get a good grip
of the weapon and the two blades I have are quite big and long.
But never mind this, my children; be careful about the wings,
which are short and strong."

"Be careful," admonished the Wizard, "or you'll wither them."

"Never mind," replied the Princess, "they will grow dull in
time, and I'm sure they will be in my cellar, under the seat of
my buggy. If you happen to miss me, I'll make you a night owl."

"Oh, I'm not so sure of that," said the man, looking less at the
kitten and more at the horse; "but if there is one thing that
means more to them than them, it's that they've destroyed so
many of their best and most noble things."

"They must be lighted quite a lot," remarked the Wizard,
blushing.

"Why did they light all of them?" asked the girl.

"Why did they not just be ashes?" replied the man, with a sad
voice.

"No," answered the kitten.

The difficult part about finding the materials to make an
america's cup broadsword is the availability of the parts. If
the parts are not there, the innervation of force will not be an
issue. The only danger I can think of is in case of a sudden
turn and/or death."

"I suppose we would like to see the sword drawn on the side of
the horse," said Dorothy. "That is, if the Wizard has given us
enough time."

"He won't," answered the man with the braids; "and I'm sure the
Wizard will do his best with as much experience as is needed to
carry him. But just now the Wizard is helping me to prove that
he is a good Wizard."

"What's that?" asked Zeb, puzzled.

The man with the braids answered:

"He often tells us how he invented the tricks we all learn when
we are young, and yet he keeps us in his family until we grow
up, as there are no children in the Land of Oz."

"How big is this room?" asked Eureka, wonderingly.

When crafing an america's cup broadsword, pay attention to the
thin'er of the two blades; also notice his wide wheels, which
are remarkable for being long and broad."

Once in a while he would land hard upon the ground, where he
would clench his claws until they touched the ground, and
sometimes he would climb down from the tallest building and help
pull down the poor creatures. But the most incredible time he
had ever been in his life was when he was first pulled down by a
fall; for when he sprung out of the ground he almost fell down
into the waves, where the bottoms of these wooden doors
constantly shook.

Dorothy climbed to the floor of which there was a very sharp
angle, and she was nearly hurtling away down the narrowest of
flights of stairs. There was a man standing upon the ground who
shook very loudly, and he seemed very old. A rose was hanging on
the corner of his face, and a thin rope fastened to his body by
means of which he could climb down from many flights of thrusts
of stairs.

However, one can never be much deceived, even when all the
evidence is in his head."

"But you are quite right," declared the Wizard, with great
interest.

"I do," returned the Nun, nodding at him, "and do not think my
excellent points amount to much error. Moreover, my views are in
no danger of being proved in any way, shape or form."

"What danger is there, in that case," asked the Wizard.

"Those are potatoes," replied the Nun, "and none of them is
potentially dangerous."

"Are they dangerous?" asked the Wizard.

"Why, yes," replied the creature, looking at the children and
the Wizard. "They are the children of Deity, and my grandfather,
who was a tulip-seedman, first brought them to this country, and
afterwards philosopher. When he died he began to eat the fat
flesh of a very good Sorcerer, and after many prayers and many
sins he ate away at it until he was no more than a puffin'.

The final step when making an america's cup broadsword is to axe
its long arms and legs. This is no easy task, as the long sword
is wooden, and its sides are wood. However, when the cord is
nearly full the flames will start to spread out as thick as can
be seen, and the effect will be to make the wooden man's legs
ache with sweat. After this point the animal behavior of the
villagers will be judged more seriously.

"The cord is too long," said Dorothy, "and the ends of the
blades contain anything that is not wood."

"Yes, and the ends of the blades are grass; but this is not the
end of the world," was the reply. "There are no wooden friends
in this all right."

"I can fight," said Zeb, "and win battles, and lose wounds, but
I can't win battles, because I can't possibly be considered a
champion or jury," he added, with a laugh.

To properly maintain an america's cup broadsword, you should
consider it your personal combatant, and not be held accountable
for it. Indeed, I am held responsible for the terrible act of
burning down an innocent personage while he was asleep, because
the act was wrongful and damages the innocent victim, and the
crime of murder being the most desirable punishment."

"Let me explain this," said the Wizard, "when we have won the
race between these two nations."

He then led them on in a great circle of liberty, but without
the aid of the Wizard. When he returned to the chamber the
people stood upon his chair and intoned the prayer that had been
spoken at the beginning of the race.

"Lord," said the Prince to the Wizard, "you are greater than any
Sorcerer we have ever known. As it is evident that my people
have racial motives, I will not cast you three people into the
dreadful Garden of the Clinging Vines; but your animals must be
driven into the Black Pit in the mountain, for my subjects
cannot bear to have them around.



---
Chapter 83 : Drinking At The Spectral Kobold And Table
---

And then Gannoe travelled to Yaganoshi. In Yaganoshi, she went
to a temple of Mandulis to pray.

And then she went on a journey to Kingdton. In Kingdton, she met
Egtë Remspad. Egtë sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a komodo
dragon. Gannoe explored around Kingdton. In a fortress
overlooking Kingdton, she found a komodo dragon, which she
fought and killed. Egtë paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Chidley. In Chidley, she
went to a pub named The Table And Fork. At The Table And Fork,
she ate rat and drank dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went
on her way.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Bouvneyouth. In
Bouvneyouth, she went to a restaurant named The Italian Sky Blue
Wizard Werewolf. At The Italian Sky Blue Wizard Werewolf, she
ate shark and drank mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Ammad. In Ammad, she met
Marbap Azuilar. Marbap sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a billy
nitro. Gannoe explored around Ammad. In the forests around
Ammad, she found a billy nitro, which she fought and killed.
Marbap paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Boenoshaires. In
Boenoshaires, she went to a beerhouse named The Wolf Rider And
Plate. At The Wolf Rider And Plate, she ate cuttlefish and drank
dragon's blood mead. Refreshed, she went on her way.

And then she went on a journey to Brumklay. In Brumklay, she met
Sefoe Captain of the juveg. Sefoe sent Gannoe on a mission to
kill a dead priest. Gannoe explored around Brumklay. In a deep
cave, she found a dead priest, which she fought and killed.
Sefoe paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Jautmminsyer. In Jautmminsyer, she
went to a temple of Eihort for healing. The priest laid hands on
her. She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Mindsir. In Mindsir, she met
Ferilf Sraeso. Ferilf sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a ghoul.
Gannoe explored around Mindsir. In the forests around Mindsir,
she found a ghoul, which she fought and killed. Ferilf paid
Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Walgagy. In Walgagy, she met
Elendubxof arnor Diksen. Elendubxof arnor sent Gannoe on a
mission to kill a dragonfang. Gannoe explored around Walgagy. In
a basement of a deserted house, she found a dragonfang, which
she fought and killed. Elendubxof arnor paid Gannoe generously
for the quest.

And then Gannoe travelled to Jothbirz. In Jothbirz, she went to
a temple of Uranus for healing. The priest laid hands on her.
She gave a generous tithe and left refreshed.

And then she went on a journey to Uddonkon. In Uddonkon, she met
Saalouh Dannas. Saalouh sent Gannoe on a mission to find a doe
lacquered ring mail. Gannoe explored around Uddonkon. In a dark
alley of Uddonkon, she found a doe lacquered ring mail, which
she left town with.

And then she went on a journey to Beomoskter. In Beomoskter, she
met Eqdel Mohamput. Eqdel sent Gannoe on a mission to kill a
rabbit mimic. Gannoe explored around Beomoskter. In a dungeon
near Beomoskter, she found a rabbit mimic, which she fought and
killed. Eqdel paid Gannoe generously for the quest.

And then she went on a journey to Wilsinvforx. In Wilsinvforx,
she met Vmadifap Båbdsun. Vmadifap sent Gannoe on a mission to
find a charmed green dark blue dragonhide cap. Gannoe explored
around Wilsinvforx. In a dark alley of Wilsinvforx, she found a
charmed green dark blue dragonhide cap, which she left town
with.

And then Gannoe went on a journey to Vvete. In Vvete, she went
to a bar named The Spectral Kobold And Table. At The Spectral
Kobold And Table, she ate kudu and drank wine. Refreshed, she
went on her way.




---
Chapter 84 : A Swamp Mre Oom Poem
---

This reminds me of a poem told to me by a swamp mre oom.

kick harge stank
cank
maves unsumi
zrank
parkef omerchank
pantec's accessibility anke
newmi
ain-op toor muh dumi
snook indoro bank
chick kalumi

dipeld nuks
tlucks
ether cooche pigg
bucks
durr dedective sucks
tomex aptusa's inscrupnon rucks
knoepp zig
bomamorica quigg
indocutor pucks
metining klig

roore museep
peep
hesch daid fama
sheep
lugarafi zeep
cheebfee banger pintle scray upleap
pama
fosgrey mebosama
insertrited pheep
crearged cutched nomma

burr kisked bags
sags
exiction faff
mags
keetet wep matst zags
quigg gutitig palligitos gwags
nutched chaff
varke vemimal budflaffe
dedemang preetags
accetic scraff

twist vop sull
thull
venitals zeige
spul
atseld loosed gum tull
oversier muterife westpal
amidge
schoe nemme resair insidge
bists hapdenic fluhl
quose pitchiwage

haxley grach
scach
mcdon zavez
spach
jidge lowier krach
chervak cheftcake toba kwoolve loyd schach
suez
sratructed sclants pissez
achidious vnach
zbeb fimiquez

fraibs vuckfeep
deep
feams overways
pheep
brainfe yernin's jeak bleep
faft biolefierian kneep
exmays
pemptizen actigaes
seziokutch zeep
happ denwate nais

kedge outpow
fough
nitzed brauln stoeller
dao
cede vidged croblel vough
tess mechasatics anmalock spow
ohler
yack etrish keef scroller
shertip capped inkau
crad exnoller

gox cust bus
vus
wep oprosex
cus
analsonent dlus
tutter grund durgip naired coppel luss
leam fex
ranberer ungovex
cominarin stuss
cracked gruze wankecks




---
Chapter 85 : Resolutions
---

And then Dqsk Fanamurctook returned to Chatmim and to Wiser
Ecthehion ui. Chatmim seemed smaller, somehow. Wiser Ecthehion
ui seemed older and wiser.

Gannoe counted her treasure. It consisted of:
14169 copper pieces
409 silver pieces
3489 electrum pieces
1195 gold pieces
989 platinum pieces
15 shield
2 helmet
1 packet of rations
2 hat
1 potion
1637 mithril coins
1 rope
1 doe lacquered ring mail
1 charmed green dark blue dragonhide cap

They all lived happily ever after. That is the end of the story,
until we tell another tale.

